New York City - 

On the subway line an unusual train arrives. On the surface it is heavily encrusted with golden carving overlaid on a blood red train car body. Pardon. Many cars. There is a porch on either end with hooded guards and one exits the central car. The area is checked by guards on board to be safe then we are escorted on board. Once everyone is safely on board and the area has been checked the train is once again underway. Humans take our outer garments and we learn more about the new world we are entering into.

This is the royal train of course. It runs along the subway system to exchange passengers but most of its tracks are separate. It runs directly to the NY undercuts palace. Essentially buckingham palace for royalty of the vampire courts. Of which we've had none to date. Oh of course there have been warlords and scoundrels but the complex has been built and maintained by imperialists. It has stood in one form or another for as long as there has been human civilization.
Shortly after departure I felt the train stop. i was told the tracks are being manually switched to move onto the trains native line. Sure enough we were underrway shortly. The native tracks were beautiful. Polished stone inlaid with precious metals. Immaculately clean. Its kind of a why bother putting that much effort into something nobody cares about. I was told the ones who did such artistry werent thinking about what others think. They did it for something, and someone, they cared about. Being vampires they have all eternity to do the work and maintenance.
We were seated in a car thatwas made with the finest felt. Carving and engraving, magical lighting and air as fresh as a mountain meadow. The lightest hint of wildflowers and springwater tickles my nose and calms my worries. The gurgling of a little fountain near the car door all that much more sets my mind at ease.
How long will the trip be?
It is straight down but we have to wander and spiral around other underworld powers and territories. We will be 2 days making the descent.  I hope your trip will be comfortable.

I explored the trains cars and found nervous but pleasant humans inside worried about eventualities that might happen inside and nervous but pleasant supernatural creatures worried about what may lie in  the darkness around us. There is a presence car to meet dignitaries. Sleeper cars. Office car. library and ritual cars. Chapel car. Infirmary car. Torture car. You name it theres either a car for it, or many cars for it, or an existing car that can do it in a pinch. The atrium car we entered. Dining car. Tavern car. Brothel cars. Yes plural. The Raiths insisted im sure. Kine cars for the humans. 

So im told we are going so deep that the temperature is at sauna levels, but inside the palace it is environmentally controlled like here. I think we must be going halfway to hell.

I ended up in the library car with steve, i guess we are the curious sort so picked through the volumes and read some history on vampire society. Not pleasant. Between me and steve it was either that or booze like champions all this is quite disconcerting.

City states
Modern
Royal seat of the matriarch
New York

city-state
Los Angeles

city-state
Chicago

The sorceror kings, the first vampires, were of a species now known as homo erectus. Our kind has been around perhaps millions of years. Shamans of the first hominin tribes created a rite to bind a human to a phage, living or not. The kings were corrupt, created seats of power and made war with each other and eventually destroyed each other. Once bound to their master the spawn were free, and not any more evil than any human. Many of us had normal souls. Priest kings arose among us, shamans in their own rite, and we lived in harmony with our prey. We supported each other even as we hid ourselves. The priest kings divined in trances the coming of a saviour who will save our species at the end of a dark age. A rite of ascension was created and protected. The dark age began when the red king, having been promoted to a priest king, attempted to work the rite on himself out of greed. The human god Horus in ancient egypt was exceptionally close to the words of the ancient priest kings and those frustrated with the evil and war seen the end coming in the words of their own prey. Then you came and here you are. Really, the royal library should have most of this, you need to read it some time if you haven't already.

Ancient

lair, former seat of sorceror-king
Jericho

lair, former seat of sorceror-king
Ur

lair, former seat of the great (first) sorceror-king
Olduvai Gorge in Tanzania

Monastary of the court shamans
on the banks of the Anuy River, in the Altai Mountains. 75Mi south of the Ob river if it matters
The heart of the evolution of our prey, where different species of hominin mated and evolved into new superior species. Our prey was sacred and so this place
was once sacred to us also. There has only been a caretaker there for too long, since the coming of the red king thought on the sacred had been abandoned.

There are presumed to be similar lairs and city states in the far east like india and china but that is jade court. They have successfully declared neutrality and since they have so much prey, and are likely so large, nobody bothers them. The sorceror king of the jade court may still live for all anyone knows.





