On the subway line an unusual train arrives. On the surface it is heavily encrusted with golden carving overlaid on a blood red train car body. Pardon. Many cars. There is a porch on either end with hooded guards and one exits the central car. The area is checked by guards on board to be safe then we are escorted on board. Once everyone is safely on board and the area has been checked the train is once again underway. Humans take our outer garments and we learn more about the new world we are entering into.

This is the royal train of course. It runs along the subway system to exchange passengers but most of its tracks are separate. It runs directly to the NY undercuts palace. Essentially buckingham palace for royalty of the vampire courts. Of which we've had none to date. Oh of course there have been warlords and scoundrels but the complex has been built and maintained by imperialists. It has stood in one form or another for as long as there has been human civilization.
Shortly after departure I felt the train stop. i was told the tracks are being manually switched to move onto the trains native line. Sure enough we were underrway shortly. The native tracks were beautiful. Polished stone inlaid with precious metals. Immaculately clean. Its kind of a why bother putting that much effort into something nobody cares about. I was told the ones who did such artistry werent thinking about what others think. They did it for something, and someone, they cared about. Being vampires they have all eternity to do the work and maintenance.
We were seated in a car thatwas made with the finest felt. Carving and engraving, magical lighting and air as fresh as a mountain meadow. The lightest hint of wildflowers and springwater tickles my nose and calms my worries. The gurgling of a little fountain near the car door all that much more sets my mind at ease.
How long will the trip be?
It is straight down but we have to wander and spiral around other underworld powers and territories. We will be 2 days making the descent.  I hope your trip will be comfortable.

I explored the trains cars and found nervous but pleasant humans inside worried about eventualities that might happen inside and nervous but pleasant supernatural creatures worried about what may lie in  the darkness around us. There is a presence car to meet dignitaries. Sleeper cars. Office car. library and ritual cars. Chapel car. Infirmary car. Torture car. You name it theres either a car for it, or many cars for it, or an existing car that can do it in a pinch. The atrium car we entered. Dining car. Tavern car. Brothel cars. Yes plural. The Raiths insisted im sure. Kine cars for the humans. 

So im told we are going so deep that the temperature is at sauna levels, but inside the palace it is environmentally controlled like here. I think we must be going halfway to hell.

I ended up in the library car with steve, i guess we are the curious sort so picked through the volumes and read some history on vampire society. Not pleasant. Between me and steve it was either that or booze like champions all this is quite disconcerting.




as I awoke, the tunnel outside the subway car started becoming lighter. After a short time I was seeing magma streams flow from the walls. the carriage stopped a moment and I seen a rush of guards dressed in snow suits grab either drum or trumpet and loudly declare our arrival with a fairly typical Royal Entrance Fanfare. As we slowly emerged the preciously busy citizens threw themselves down into prostration in a wave like from a pebble that was dropped into a pond. This is not what I would call Cinderella's Castle.

he said. Welcome to your seat of power my queen. It has been named New Lenapehoking. Some just call it deep Manhattan. I recommend any who you would bring here be prepared for the weather down here and wear good insulated clothing. It is about 775 degrees celcius outside although all buildings are maintained at typical living temperatures. We sit at something called the Mohorovičić discontinuity (MoH0) which is at the border of the earth's mantle and crust directly below the modern Manhattan area. I guess about 30km down but don't fault me if it's 40. There are 2 million souls here both human and nonhuman alike. The most trusted of all are the Lenni Lenape people who have lived their whole lives down here since their lands were taken. This place is a sacred home for them now and there are at least a half million here.
undermanhattan, skyscrapers and all. people carrying on business in advanced fire entry suits looking like snow suits in a ski lodge. beautiful rocks and gems, lava streams bright red and yellow flowing gently as a stream of water on the surface. olivine crystals seeming to be growing along the ground like it was grass, garnet and precious gems in raw form like this place rained gems and jewels in order to grow gold and silver. the arching cieling at least a kilometer high, with Balas ruby transitioning to the horizon. The glow of the lava flows compliment the glow from the dome and is intesified by it, to create an ambient light, which to me is exactly like the 2009 Australian dust storm, that crimson dawn perpetualized. without any dust. The air is punguent, mostly with the smell of brimstone. As we descend the walled city state appears to be no less than 10 miles across, with massive columns interweaved amongst the complex civilization I see before me. The palace itself is a full tenth the size of this city, sat high at the back of this realm. It's so adorned with precious metal and jewels it seems almost ludicrous.



where are you staying? is it decent?
well, it's a big hole... but really amazing in it's own way. quite beautiful if it wasn't so... i can't say a thing bad about it really---

it's family isn't it?

heh. yeah.



