he earliest known undisputed burial of a shaman (and by extension the earliest undisputed evidence of shamans and shamanic practices) dates back to the early Upper Paleolithic era (c. 30,000 BP) in what is now the Czech Republic.[95]

Archaeological evidence exists for Mesolithic shamanism. The oldest known shaman grave in the world is located in the Czech Republic at Dolni Vestonice (National Geographic No 174 October 1988). This grave site was evidence of a female shaman.

migrations of two prehistoric populations: the "Gondwana" type (of circa 65,000 years ago) and the "Laurasian" type (of circa 40,000 years ago).




Susan quickening red court wqs a puttputt

1st listens to wind encounter
cloak/cowl
more robust, had large brow-ridges, a slightly protruding face, and lack of prominent chin. stubby limbs and native leather and bone tools as well as a flip phone.
(Neanderthal/Denisovans)


These include shorter limb proportions, a wider, barrel-shaped rib cage, a reduced chin, and a large nose, which was much larger in both length and width, and started somewhat higher on the face, than in modern humans.[51] Evidence suggests they were much stronger than modern humans, with particularly strong arms and hands,[87][88] while they were comparable in height; based on 45 long bones from at most 14 males and 7 females, Neanderthal males averaged 164–168 cm (65–66 in) and females 152–156 cm (60–61 in) tall.[15] Samples of 26 specimens in 2010 found an average weight of 77.6 kg (171 lb) for males and 66.4 kg (146 lb) for females.[89] A 2007 genetic study suggested some Neanderthals may have had red hair and blond hair, along with a light skin tone.[90]

A 2013 study of Neanderthal skulls suggests that their eyesight may have been better than that of modern humans, owing to larger eye sockets and larger areas of the brain devoted to vision.[91]

big eyes







Susan greets her spawn, and sends them with listens to wind to meditate and learn.

after battle sarg's team sets the bodies burning on the pyre. All share a smoke. Moving toward evening all eat rations around the fire pit, and clean up. private brings out harmonica plays queen, who wants to live forever. Shortly a corporal, former professional lead singer, quietly fills in the vocals. The team falls silent and solemn. Everyone has seen more horror and death than any generation before has seen in their lifetime. An entire species was exterminated in a single day, exterminated worldwide. The majority of our dearest friends died from the onset of age due to the death of their vampiric symbiote. I lost track of where I was and my glance fell into my lap. I caused the flesh mask to fall from my hand to the ground, seeping away in black sludge, revealing the red court talon. I turned in in my lap, and flexed it. I thought over the future, the song said it, who wants to live forever when love must die. Everyone I know will die, I will put them in the ground, all the friends and lovers I meet they will all die and I will live on and on. Loss upon loss for all eternity. What place would the last red court vampire have on this earth now? What reason is there for my continued being? I had dreams for my life, have they slipped away for good? Me and Harry, what can we do? It's all been decided for us. There's no chance for us. What has been done cannot be taken back. My life is over and all I have is a deathless eternity for bitter tears. My tears fell into my talon and I realized where I was. I looked up and the team was all looking at me, but not with weapons drawn. I pulled my talon under my other arm as a kneejerk response but it was too late. They didn't seem to care though and I don't understand. I say, "how long have you known?" "we suspected during the battle, you showed a little too much mojo." "why am I not jarred right now? I'm a red right?" "No. I've fought those bastards for more years than not. I know them and their ways. I can smell them out a mile away just by what and how they speak, and carry themselves. Selfish cruel bastards could never pull one over on me. Christ they had vamp ordinance and you pushed forward anyway. You knew they had jars but you laid your life down for the team. Reds don't do that. They only lay themselves down for their own gain and you have absolutely nothing to gain here. You are a vampire somehow, given what's happened this month I would believe anything really. You are not a red court though, not a chance in hell. You apparently are a fellowship soldier, one of the bravest I've seen, who happens to have undergone the change to a vamp without having turned. If that's the way to put it. Oi goddamnit, never thought I would have a vamp on the team much less one who has become one of my most trusted soldiers. These are some brutally fucked up days boys but we done good. Put that fucking thing away Susan save it for battle." I writhe the skin mask back over my hand, and me and the team raps knuckles. "You sleep Susan?" "Not at all no, god help me." "stand sentry then, boys time for rest." I say, "Aye sarg."

sidelong glance
proper care and feeding

next battle team member dying, medic can't fix, susan rolls and does field surgery, mistress sends him to sarg for orders. some strange instinct. advise sarg after used talon and venom to patch him up. sarg will watch him while he withdraws from the venom.
aptitude

next battle on horribly injured, repaired, used a lot of venom. healed next day but cannot release his addiction. medical encampment south may be able to help, thousands of the addicted are there to be treated.
litter stretcher drag

narcotic effects of venom easily countered by potion.


"Then what?" Murphy asked. "If the Council loses the war."

"Then… the vampires will be able to do pretty much whatever they want," I said. "They'll take control. The Red Court will grab up all the spots in the world where there's already plenty of chaos and corruption and blood and misery. They'll spread out from Central America to Africa, the Middle East, all those places that used to be Stalin's stomping grounds and haven't gotten a handle on things yet, the bad parts of Asia. Then they'll expand the franchise. The White Court will move in on all the places that regard themselves as civilized and enlightened and wisely do not believe in the supernatural." I shrugged.


red court if burnt sometimes leaves a true form body.

susans spawn fruitful in south america healing, once purpose complete destroying selves. When general became aware asked reveal themselves they did, those nearest were asked to line up and kneel. by sword he destroyed 7 of 8 but held his hand on the last. who are you? healers all, same people as when we were human. When are purpose is complete we will destroy ourselves to not burden people. It is our sworn oath. We serve you, and we chose this of ourselves to benefit mankind. you are not reds, I know your works, by this I know you so says my Lord. You will be honored members of our fellowship for we not only destroyed our enemy by stole their very being from them. So the fellowship is becoming a powerful force of paranormals, including fully turned vampires as needs require. Many choosing that path have been warlocks, changing their base nature to darkness restored their sanity if they get to the membership in time. If they fail in the change they are destroyed, if they are deemed too far gone to evaluate they are destroyed. They are killed in feeding, which is the most humane when venom is considered oddly. Then according to tradition decapitated and set upon a pyre. her spawn wants her to fly down to see them, they instinctually want to be with her their matriarch.

slowly integrating with the Venatori Umbrorum, which is to become the Offensive and Defensive Intelligence and Strategic Operations group where the fellowship will be the tactical operations group better organized but keeping their same medical and fast strike capability. If all goes well the fellowship may be front line capable if their paranormal assets are managed well, especially their fully turned vampires.


Standard rite of the dead in the fellowship is decapitation then burning on a pire
unofficially everyone smokes as the flames of the pyre burn, showing honor for
fallen soldiers. The rite is to prevent the fallen from coming back undead such as if they were falled by the attack of black court. How they actually died is irrelevant, same ceremony. If the rite could not be performed if possible decapitation is done for samesaid reason.

Gregor the black elder, becomes main antagonist from when he killed her thralls. He spawned the children of the playground. He fights to defend the ways of the vampire as he sees it, fighting for all courts. He is a prophet not a leader, and would like nothing better than to lead susan into corruption which is what he calls the traditional ways. He dismisses listens to wind as demented.

He was turned around the year 1350 at the peak of the black death (plague). He was cured by his turning and so hates the human form for it's weakness yet glorifies the vampire form for it's perfection since it was the form that saved his life. He feels everything he understands about the vampire society is perfect, corruption is true and might is right. He finds no inherent value in humanity about being burgers and fries and treatment of the prey is of no concern to him except he prefers harsh treatment to discipline the animals and just from his hatred of humans and their nature. social darwinist, eugenic, nineangles.



insolence

Fellowship of St. Giles Soldier's Creed

    I am a Fellowship Soldier.
    I am a Warrior and a member of a team.
    I serve good, and live the Fellowship Values.
    I will always place the mission first.
    I will never accept defeat.
    I will never quit.
    I will never leave a fallen comrade.
    I am disciplined, physically and mentally tough, trained and proficient in my warrior tasks and drills.
    I always maintain my arms, my equipment and myself.
    I am an expert and I am a professional.
    I stand ready to deploy, engage, and destroy the enemies of humanity, in close combat.
    I am a guardian of freedom and the right way of life.
    I am a Fellowship Soldier.


Snipers's Creed

This is my rifle. 
There are many like it, but this one is mine.

My rifle is my best friend. It is my life. 
I must master it as I must master my life.

Without me, my rifle is useless. Without my rifle, I am useless. 
I must fire my rifle true. 
I must shoot straighter than my enemy who is trying to kill me. 
I must shoot him before he shoots me, and I will.

My rifle and I have love knowing that what counts in war is not the rounds we fire, 
the noise of our burst, nor the smoke we make. We know that it is the hits that count, and we will fire true.

My rifle is loved, even as I, because it is my life. 
Thus, I will learn it as a sister. 
I will learn its weaknesses, its strength, 
 its parts, its accessories, its sights and its barrel.

I will keep my rifle clean and ready, even as I am clean and ready. 
We will become part of each other, we will be one.

Before God, I swear this creed. 
My rifle and myself are the defenders of good. 
We are the masters of our enemy. We are the saviors of my life.

So be it, until there is no enemy, but peace. Amen.


Susan sets up office in Chicago like Harry

Dame Susan Rodriguez, B.Theo., MJourn, DBE, CEH, PCI, Army(for.,Retd)
Freelance (Investigative) Journalist and Paranormalist

Per diem, retainer required, all consultations free. Appointment only.
Pro Bono or post payment on qualified high value work.

Phone 555-1324 (SECURE SIP://ijandp@ostel.co)
Web chicago-ijandp.us
Email susan@chicago-ijandp.us
Secure email ijandp@torbox3uiot6wchz.onion (tor onionmail network)
SECUREDROP ---
securedrop.rtygvb4uiot6wchz.onion
GPG PUBLIC KEYS are available




Allegiance
Men in black


Link to Maggie spontaneous
Leapt into maggie


Consulting business including professional assassin if target is worthy evil, espionage for same. Dirty work, lhp(exercising pleasure, pansexuality, paraphilia) and temptation of corrupt to fall (exercise of daemonic nature) helps hunger. As does diet, and old infected standards like sunbathing and holy objects (unwilled or not proliferant no allergy) multimillionnaire, professional identity elite an feared untraceable to her true identity.

michael gasp clang skitter
bless us lord your (sigh) loyal servants.




I've heard vampires of all courts have been vigilant to avoid wizards eyes. Soulgazes.
Whosawhatnow? we've never been susceptible to the soulgaze?
We are now. Our souls, in some cases, are healing. Spawn are not fallen by default.
So much new. More every day. We are finding many things new since the ascension of the great mother. Many...
...changes.


A scourge close to jade court territory recieved a sealed message addressed to the queen and great mother. My scourge in New York delivered it to me in my apartment. It was a request for an audience, to recieve an envoy from the king of the jade court. I leapt up and ordered the palace to be immaculate and prepared for the coming of our honored guest. The elders advised me it would be in good order in two weeks. I sent a response letter inviting the jade court representative to come in 3 weeks.

The palace shone, absolutely gleamed, the columns had vertical flags on the inside representing the vampire courts and other phobophage that I dont know. Gold and embedded precious jewels adorned columns and walls as well as red carpet laying down the length of the great hall and throne room made of priceless material. Illuminescence rose up from every surface in red, gold and purple in every design and images of vampire life and prey peppered the walls. It was incredible. They did a great job.

We went on the hunt for prey to prepare for a feast. The worst criminals, the desperately dying and suffering, whosoever would best be of benefit to provide for us. Those who werent criminals we demanded uncoerced consent. All were given whatsoever they desired in the palace to prepare for the day of the feast.

On the day the scourge tore apart the spirit of the criminals. Feebleminded and senselessly mumbling and drooling they were shackled to the hitching rails that are a permanent fixture between the columns, meant for feasts. The ones who gave themselves for the feast were restrained with the softest silk rope and provided any indulgence they desired. I personally went to each one to honour and thank them for their sacrifice.

On the day of the arrival of the envoy, 2 members of the jade court, we greeted each other with a deep yumi bow. Entering the great hall they did not seem to even touch the ground. With the appearance of hovering it was ofset by the profound bouncing of their movement, like they were being carried on poles. Their movements were very stiff, it seemed like the only joints that moved were their shoulders allowing their arms to extend forward and slightly to the side as if balancing themselves. Their clothes were of the Qing dynasty, of a dynastic official. Their body was partly decomposed exactly like the black court is. A paper talisman was attached to their forehead obscuring their face. Their skin was greenish white and their hair was so white it seemed to glow. These two representatives had long hair reaching their lower back. A great deal of it hung in front of their head so that with the talisman their face was even more obscured.

Two representatives bore greetings from the king of the jade court, spoke honour to me and negotiated terms between the peoples. They asked what my requests are to the jade court. I said bring me wisdom that I might lead my people well.

after feast her people were going to dispose the bodies irreverently, susan
no give reverence, they say many are criminal. she say these are our kine and they have paid what they owe in full, they are square with the house again and deserve all reverence, not less.

A return to the glory of the monastic life of the vampire courts reunited, restoring the memories of those who have stood in midnight forests, in temples, in subterranean chambers, and atop mountains, invoking the Mysteries. A new era has begun for all vampires, free from our past dishonour and corruption empowered and led by wisdom of contemplation. Long live the great mother.


Blood anaconda immortal hematophage life bonding. Others died with the reds in the cataclysm through the bond. We have the only left in the world. This is yours we can breed more if you wish. Masterful psychic will inerringly evaluate people. Once bonded permanent unfailingly loyal. Vampire bat saliva. Tends to his a lot. Not always wise but always supergenius. Valley girl. 

Ancient home of beginnings (monastery)

Susan at feast gets pissed at vampire hosts blood war begins.






