You will be able to speak and understand every language known to man.
You’ll be able to read minds.
With your vampire powers, you could talk to the dead!
You’ll have the power of flight.

susan
true shapechanger, at first to old red court forms by instinct, skinmask same. Came to a head
when she met steve. Klingon sex culture. actual trueform is as daemons shown her.

spawn
no more skin mask, true shapechangers. First only between original human and trueform.
demonic trueform
can live if out of direct sunlight (any degree of shade), or using anything to shade them.
etheric form, can shapeshift into an etheric form, invisible spirit form ( vanish and reappear elsewhere at will)
complex thralls
airform for a while after a kill, attacks pass through as if passing through air.
levitation
perfect climber
instant transport between 2 points of well known unholy ground (grave of a murderer etc.)
powerful hypnotic, telepathic and illusionary abilities
can command animals such as rats, owls, bats, moths, foxes and wolves
manipulate the weather and, within his range, is able to direct the elements, such as storms, fog and mist
He is aided by powers of necromancy and divination of the dead, that all who die by his hand may reanimate and do his bidding.
Harker states that he believes Dracula has a state of fasting as well as a state of feeding.[34] Dracula does state to Mina however that exerting his abilities caused a desire to feed.[35]
Count Dracula is depicted as the "King Vampire", and can control other vampires. 
a telepathic link to her thoughts hypnotism 
Now you shall come to my call. When my brain says ‘Come!’ to you, you shall cross land or sea to do my bidding.
functions fine in sunlight, forced into human form, all abilities cease
no need for sleep but would need to feed more.
he can only change himself at noon or exact sunrise or sunset.
death-sleep
hold influence over people with mental disorders
pyrokinetic
psychokinetic

hang from the ceiling to sleep

control the elements, animals and the weather
Dream Manipulation; vampire blood heals humans

briefly read the minds of those they drink from,

drain power from sired vampires, rot without damage

Consumption of a vampire's blood 3 times causes blood bonding, an imposed state of intense love
are resistant to the cold and electricity and any magic associated with either, and 

Killglance, Necromancy, and Precognition





Standard: Eidetic memory, voice imitation, maker abilities (calling, commanding, empathetic link, and releasing); Unique Powers: advanced vampiric abilities, advanced progeny calling, astral projection, blood abilities, advanced glamour, haemokinesis, intangibility, invisibility, precognition, self- control, species detection, telekinesis, teleportation, and immunity to stakes, fire, silver, and invitations; vampire blood can heal humans and has numerous drug-like qualities





susans spawn look like true demons without tails. consumed with fire and smelling of brimstone, horns and huge leather wings. vulgar degree of muscle. glistening red skin, sometimes black, light but easily 10 feet tall. Senses, speed and strength are 20 times better than black court. pheonix regenerative like susan except if they are willful to perish. Her spawn are like earthbound gods.



The different vampire kinds do not seem to have distinct proper names, instead being called after the organisations heading their kind, the Vampire Courts. There are, according to Jim Butcher, seven vampire courts. Though, besides the Black, Red, White and Jade Courts, the others are "little better than mosquitos".(reference needed) Sometimes, the term "anthrophage" (or "human-eater"), is used for them.[1] Susan rules them all.



Black Court vampires possess all the classic strengths and weaknesses of Stoker's Dracula: they can lift and throw cars with one hand and crash through concrete walls without harm to themselves
(strength 20 strong men)


red king wanted to create a master race, susan and her spawn.

