What was Susan's quickening actually like?

Well... Epic.

Bob said what he seen of the rite was massive in strength, like a crossbow aimed at a bloodline. Truth be told what he seen was the detonator, the little spark that starts the avalanche.

The red court began to fall like dominos from the time Susan's throat was cut. Each and every one produced a lightning bolt of power. All such electrical releases in this event are actually soul energy. Souls released which she consumes through which she ascends in personal power. There is lightning, roaring thunder, striking Susan. Harry goes into shock by the power of the first strike. Everything around her crashed and crumbled in the shear release of power. Noone was close enough to be hurt. Harry's winter knight mantle deflects all, he stands witless at the altar. Everyone surrounding hid their eyes and covered their ears. Then a pause. A ripple of energy released from her rolls away like a ripple in a pond further crumbling structures and by this time everyone had taken cover so were safe. Harry had the mantle. She was conscious, a swirling torrent of energy was pulling her up into the air above the alter. Lightning resumed, striking faster and faster as the wave of death rolls out around the world taking the power of a quarter million red court souls at a conservative estimate.  The sight of a huge ball of roaring electricity appeared around Susan. The lightning on occasion took the form of a visage of the souls she consumed like the highlander video. No words came from her mouth she thrashed and screamed throughout. The release of power collapsed the bonds of death, and summoned forth the souls of all the courts dead to be consumed. The power released lit the sky eclipsing the sun with intensity. Swarms of lightning blazed, all their energy pouring into Susan. The ball of electricity is brighter than the sun, as bright as a welders bead. Susan shone brighter than all. The pureborne, now a vampire. She was destined for this moment, and with courage and determination is going to change the world and fulfill the prophesies. She is the true great mother and queen of the vampires. She is the one long waited for. She is rolling, thrashing and screaming still alive. The energy explodes not in a massive fireball but a massive electrical blast and she falls back to the alter, slowly, cradled once again by a torrent of energy swirling around her slowing her descent and laying her back to the altar as she was. Now motionless in death, while the remaining energy pulls into her being. Then silence. It is done, she is ascended. Of all those who were present this day, only the Erlking knows her destiny. She is soon to rise again and fulfill the prophesies.

Noone seen. Everyone was taking cover and never looked to see, only to hear and feel the destructive power. The rite was astronomical in scale, explanation enough for the events, and nobody bothers to think anything more of it. After all Susan Rodriguez is dead. Along with her the Red Court. Harry seen it all, but there is a gap in his memory, and he has no wish remember the events of Susan's death.

Lea had no body to bury. So she gathered all the belongings of Susan, anything and everything she touched at her place of death. All that was Susan, to build for her a memoriam. A multitude of objects which constitute a body made of memory. A place of rest for her beloved soul. In this she understood her promise to be fulfilled.

Of the supernatural community noone knows everything. The nightmares of the wizards simply encompass the power of the event, nobody knows the deeper meaning beyond the destruction of the red court. The Sidhe felt ascension. They don't know where or who, only that a human now bears the crown of godhood. They have no idea the specific power of this new god. The first ones knew who, and how powerful Susan is. They found she has noone to guide her so immediately stepped in. She resonated closest to the death daemons so they are the one who took up the task. The most elder of the vampire courts know prophesy, and nothing more. They are depending on prophesy and Susan herself to lead them to understanding. The younger of the courts know only the red kings propoganda, to which they are sworn to secrecy. The mothers of fae are aware and took part in shaping the ritual for Susan's ascension. They won't mention a word of it to anyone. Odin also had a role, and also remains quiet, Asgard is aware of the events. The former red court were a den of thieves. Everyone there had allegiances and treachery of all sorts. The whole battle was a battle involving a court divided amongst itself in a thousand intrigues appearing to act as one. There were many scattered amongst the combatants in the court that day that had an informed role in her ascension, though in most cases lacked understanding of the rituals implications for their own lives. Everyone else has a role just not the knowledge of what their actions accomplished.

It's worth note through the series she is to grow into her power as was mentioned in this prequel. This is what she believes, that she is still herself, but a vampire, and unique in some of her abilities. She figures how that makes her a god seems ridiculous but whatever. Truth is she is not growing into her power her power already slumbers within her. She is a greater god of epic proportion even now. Of all the souls she consumed she even took in numerous gods such as the lords of the outer night of the red court. All the souls she took were immortal and powerful. A single outer lord rivalled even Odin, to give a clue of her shear power. She is humble and doesn't make a great deal of the abilities she knows. I don't plan to reveal the whole truth about her true power. Just little teasers here and there that confuses her and gives the reader a shit eating grin.

A word on pureborne. There was only one, born under a unique astrologic alignment. Like Harry being starborn, able to kill an outsider, she is marked as incorruptable. When a human fully turns their vampire half consumes them and they are corrupted by the maniacal power they assume. The red king had done this. When the red king underwent the rite, and his corruption broke the spell. The fallout of the rite's power then tore through the world and corrupted the vampire courts.  She held, and because she remained uncorrupted the spell completed in whole. The corruption of the courts was broken and will be healed after the passing of many lifetimes. It is well that he was killed who's to know what power he would have held over her.

Hell. Molly being the winter lady, fix the summer knight, lilly the summer lady, Harry the winter knight, and the knights of the cross in flux, the dresdenverse needed a god among them. It only makes sense, why not. If it's played out in a balanced way that is. That's what I figure, and have fun with it.

Go Susan, it's Susan FTW

examples of transformer explosions, and the highlander quickening are included here just for shits and giggles, and perhaps for inspiration.







