Geoffrey was white as a ghost. Once the plane settled back into a smooth cruise he unbuckled and we moved toward a planning table. Well, once we found all the stationary and supplies that were scattered high and low in that cargo bay.

He said, ``My God, I've never seen such turbulence in all my life, and what was that godawful sound? Oh pray God I never encounter such a thing again.''

I was still smiling from seeing my first born spawn in her vulgar display of power down there. I did right in turning her. She is healing the sick and protecting the humans with all her might. A good sheppard of those people, they will be safe in the terrible turmoil of the lands around them. I feel like saying thanks be to God but in reality I don't know what to say. or in which direction I should say it. I'm thankful all the same.

He said, ``Ok, so what I was going to bring forward to you are the things our Queen's scholars have gathered from the site of \chichenitza*. We uncovered a deeper chamber below the inner pyramid, one that predates the middle american culture. It seems to go back to a time when humans first came to the area. The odd thing is the chamber doesn't seem to be nearly as primitive as one would presume despite the primitive technology we believe typical of that time. I believe, as do others, that the deep chamber is not of human origin. The heraldry I see predates human heraldry and appears to have a figure of a red court vampire in it. Here is one of the coat of arms we found drawn onto some parchment with natural dyes. It appears to be written in enochian but we only know some of the words and grammar of the enochian language and I'm at a loss for the others. I can presume what it might be saying but I don't wish to simply presume as the chance of error is certainly high. What say ye honourable lady?''

I looked, it is almost identical to the coat of arms I seen on those strange monks during that time in the altar of \chichenitza*. I can interpret the enochian now though.

He said, ``Now the engraving in the two swords is not enochian although it seems to use the same alphabet, I have absolutely no idea what the language is and I will likely take a very long time translating is assuming I ever do.''

\medskip

What I read of the coat of arms includes only part of what was on the monks. Nonetheless I translate it to myself.

\medskip

\quote{
To stand at midnight in her temples
To seek in her subterranean chambers
To reveal atop the mountains of great Altai
To wield the darkest of power
To proclaim her most unholy Mysteries
}

Fascinating. I relay the interpretation as if I interpolated what might be missing. In actuality I interpolated nothing, I read it in whole.

I took a magnifying glass to peer at the inscription on the swords.

He said, ``I've seen that before. It's an invocation, and would contain the true name of the deity. It's a kind of polite invitation and often uses a revealed phrase or formula which was provided by the deity themselves. Listen Susan could you take a moment to retell the events from \chichenitza*?''

I put the magnifying glass down for a while. I suggested to him that I was hiding in the temple while it was happening as it would be a bit controversial to say I was in the altar.

He said, ``I agree, those monks were arch-lich. They have never before proven to be anything other than legend. Seeing even one real lich much less an arch-lich would be the discovery of all time. Seeing not only an arch-lich but many arch-lich only reaffirmates the discoveries in the chamber. We found detailed enochian writing down there, some of which is prophetic of a deity that could only be of an omnipotent threat level.''

I said, ``What threat level?''

He said, ``Omnipotent. I never thought such a being could exist outside of the lord God himself but it was there, clear as a cloudless day in that material. This entity doesn't represent the darkness and horror of this world it, or she as it appears, IS the darkness and horror. She is in her very being that terrible energy that is the life and cause of all the horrible creatures of the night. If she were to even so much as sneeze her authority on this physical plane she could cause such a chain of events as would consume all of creation. Even time itself would not only cease to be but cease to have ever been. She is the reason men fear the darkness; she is the reason men fear the night. It would be an imperative that she must always be in balance with the other forces of the Lord's creation. She could easily do it in a realm far from the presence of others but not here. There is too much chaos here, too much stimuli.''

Oh boy, I gotta try and find if such a being is in existence out there. It appears that \chichenitza* may have in fact created something much more terrible than a scarred landscape out there.

He said, ``It looks like the sacrifice may have been a catalyst to creating a landslide of events. One feeding into the other. First came the bloodline. Then came the disembodied souls, then the spirits of the fallen creatures of the night, then it looks like it pulled dark and terrible spirits from beyond the veil to be consumed for the ascension. A rough estimate would indicate the number of spirits numbered in the billions. That is likely why the land surrounding \chichenitza* what decimated and the earth melted. That force came from throughout the entire earth and beyond. There is an indication that a starsign was involved and we know that Harry was marked as being starborne so in making the sacrifice it may have caused a great transformation that was not noticed, putting everything we hold dear in great danger.''

I said, ``Jesus, where is he? We need to get to him before it's too late, there has to be an answer to rid him of this godawful power!''

He said, ``Well, luckily enough, or rather in great dismay, he was murdered upon his return the Chicago after the events immediately proceeding the sacrifice at \chichenitza*.''

I said, ``WHAT!? WHAT!?''

He said, ``Oh dear God, you didn't know? Oh shit I feel like an asshole, I would have been much more sensitive I wish I knew. Oh I'm so sorry Susan.''

I think I must have turned white as a ghost. I fell to the floor of the plane and wept. I never cry. Ever. Soldiers don't cry. Soldiers also generally don't have only one truly intimate partner in their life, and true love at that. He's everything to me, we had a little girl together. My God was Maggie left alone in this world? I pray he had time to choose to have her adopted to save her the loss of both parents.

I said, ``Give me the coat of arms Geoffrey, I need to work. I don't have time to deal with this right now. I can't deal with this right now.''

He passed me the coat of arms. I read the invocation. I really don't have the capacity to translate the phrase but one part of it leapt at me immediately. There was one part of it my innate ability to translate hooked into.\\

\quote{Shakar on ca Susan Rodriguez}\\

Susan Rodriguez\dots\\

I think I'm having a heart attack. The figure is female not male. The sacrifice ascended not the one who held the knife. I have only a basic understanding of heraldry but I can see the pheonix means, I was resurrected. I see the Cross flory, one who has conquered, I destroyed the red court. I see the Panther, fierce but tender and loving to children and will defend her children with her life. I took Maggie's place in sacrifice. I gave my life for her. I see the messenger pigeon with a scroll in it's beak, I'm a reporter\dots

Things didn't seem real anymore. It felt like I was in some kind of terrible dream. I heard the Irlking's words again.

\quote{``Thou likely thinkest that thine visit to mine realm twas coincidence? Be not a fool I willed it so. I was needful that you could be near me, that I might know that thou wert pureborne.''}

Pureborne is a starsign. It didn't click before. I was borne under a starsign.\\

I'm the threat.\\

The world started spinning. The gods themselves had prostrated before me. Geoffrey said, ``Whoa Susan you really don't look very good. Here, sit down a minu---''\\

Then there was nothing but blackness.







