Dedicated to Dresden Files Readers, and LaTeX users
worldwide.

Preface 
=======

Susan’s story has it’s own unique character. She is her own woman now.
Her story is raunchy, brutal and vulgar. I am a daemonolater in the real
world, a practitioner of the actual left hand path. Think religion, like
Wicca meets ACDC. I hope it adds a unique creative quality to her dark
story.

Not specifically mentioned in Susan’s background I see her as a quiet
unassuming type, an innocent nature balanced by an overwhelming passion
that couldn’t be quenched.
Harry once said to her:

I believe he meant her, while jovially saying it about himself. It helps
show evidence for her incorruptable soul. She dreams of peace and
understanding between the human and vampire species and unsurpassed
honor among vampires. She demands they take a share of her own nature.
She has become an excellent soldier with courage to face and kill any
enemy directly without guilt but she is a journalist and prefers more
strategic approaches. She is extremely intelligent.

Introduction 
============

Losing Susan Rodriguez hurt. As a result I decided to spinoff off
the character. Susan returns full circle back to being the annoying
journalist she was. She will struggle with her past, find healing, and
adjust to the dark new world she is entering into. She will find ways to
be there for her daughter while she navigates through her own
existential crisis. Over time she will be unveiling the extraordinary
and magickal (note the K at the end) of our own world under the guise of
the ancient and forgotten. 

Background of Susan 
===================

Not everyone is a Dresden Files fan so not everyone is going to know who
Susan is or what she’s been through. This series is going to be an
independent endeavour from the Dresden Files proper so once her
background is explained here it will be easier to get into the following
story. She was very much a main character in the first three books, then
disappeared until death masks skipping a book. There were six books
before she had a major role in changes only to die at the end by Harry’s
own hand. Her hopes ended.

So here goes:
Susan and Harry met when she arranged an interview on the opening of his
business as a professional wizard in Chicago. It was a couple years
before the Storm Front novel. She was a reporter for the Midwest Arcane
at the time which was a supernatural version of today’s tabloid with
stories like “JFK’s Mutant Ghost Abducts Shapeshifting Girl Scout.”
Little did people know from time to time the stories were real! Susan
even went into syndication.

She had a tendancy to hound Harry for a good story although she had an
alterior romantic motive, and made no attempt to hide it. Of course her
romantic expression served her well in getting information as well.

She was attractive, bright, appealing, her motivations were clear and
simple, and she was honest in pursuing them. She was absolutely
relentless. She was charming, gorgeous, funny, and sexy as hell. She
used her sexuality in pursuit of information. She is very aggressive and
was the one to ask Harry to dinner. Yes Susan took Harry out for their
first date and treated him.

She had a smile all her own, sultry, sexy, intelligent, and appealing.
She had a patent smirk with her lips quirking up at the corners. Her
hair was midnight black, with dark eyes and a deeply tan complexion.

Starting Fresh
==============

Martin,” I said, my voice low and very quiet. “Did you tell them
about Maggie?” He closed his eyes, but his voice was steady. “Yes.”

t that moment I was beyond saving. I’ve been on the edge ever since my
daughter Maggie went missing, and now here we are at the altar of
Chichén Itzá surrounded by vampires and their many minions
determined to sacrifice my baby girl on the altar. I need to save her.
My emotions are on high, I’ve been far too close to losing it and now
dumbass Martin tells me he led my only daughter to the slaughter. I
couldn’t see through my rage, I was so far beyond control I don’t even
think an immortal could have stopped me. My vampiric part foreseen it’s
victory over my will and poured it’s power into me and drove me quickly
and irreversibly to my kill. It shackled me to it’s purpose and terror
came from my soul to intermix with the rage. My humanity foreseen it’s
own death but was unable to pull back, the vampire in me had stolen
control to ensure it takes the life it needs to fully emerge. Quick as
lighting and lithe as a snake, I took Martin down hard and made the kill
with complete abandon. I knew what was going to happen to me but Martin
was calling the shots, using the one thing that would be successful in
causing me to lose it. To really really lose it. I just didn’t care. I
desperately wanted to care. I could do nothing but devour his life
blood. I tore out his throat the feeding was so vicious. When he was
dead I was changing. It was too late, I couldn’t take it back. I had
control of myself but only for a few moments. Oh my God the pain,
horrible intimate euphoric pain. Searing with power and pleasure as I
experience the wretched agony of my flesh tearing from the inside out. I
started to feel the pain give way to a new mass, a new body not my own
was devouring me and emerging in my place. The monster has been set
loose in me, in my loss of control I sacrificed a life to the slumbering
vampire and brought it forth to consume me. I think my hands came first
as they were elongated and clawed, breaking through my skin. I seen the
new being crawling beneath my skin like a snake or worm, a ghastly sight
to behold.

She is coming, the vampire that I am to be, she is not me. I could feel
the others coming, other vampires. I heard the memory of the Red Kings
call to battle. I hear them, I feel them. My vampire half is becoming
whole in me, while I live it now coexists with me but I will not be here
long. My soul is soon to be consumed. Harry reminds me I am the youngest
of the red court now, I can destroy them all by my sacrifice. I can take
every last one of the red court. I scream to Harry to save our daughter
Maggie. Maggie was all I could think about, I have to save Maggie.

Harry took Maggie from the altar as gently as he could, and laid me
down. I am still being consumed, I haven’t much longer for my humanity
to live. Harry promised me Maggie will be safe, I felt confident in his
words. That didn’t completely absolve my worry, and it did nothing to
absolve the sheer terror I felt over what is happening to me. Harry was
going to sacrifice me. I’ve never been so scared in my life but I still
knew it would preserve me from the completion of my transition, and
destroy the monsters that have caused so much suffering. Oh I was so
scared. He closed my eyes with his hand, and kissed me. It was a sharing
of our blood and our tears. I cried out to Maggie, perhaps just to tell
her everything will be ok, but I don’t think it came out as more than a
whisper.
*Then Harry cut my throat, and I was dying.*
All was black, but for less than a moment. Lighting came down from the
heavens and struck me in the darkness, maybe it was a dream, but it kept
frying me for what seems like forever. I felt the consumption of my
body, well, come to completion. Bye bye human me. After a time I felt
myself floating up and seen myself, my blood flowing out from all over
the altar. My body glowing and sparking with energy repeatedly, like
when lightning hits a large transformer in the street. The energy slowly
being absorbed. The vampires were gone, my friends survived. I am dead.
The whole red court is gone including myself the youngest of their kind.
Thank God for that. Soon enough I know that sweet chariot is going to
swing low and come to carry me home.

Harry was in such pain. I could see it. I rested my hand on his shoulder
and tried to talk to him. He neither felt it nor heard it but I could do
no less. Harry is standing there, in shock, not moving. The vampires all
fell leaving nothing but black sludge. The infected were mostly killed
except the younger ones, since the vampire part was killed and it was
what was keeping many young, even alive. Walking toward the altar is the
Erlking and I take my place beside Harry.
“Huntress, Sir knight, well met.” He sees me for gods sake! That’s no
easy feat.

“I hope thou wilt be pleased with the strength of thine new nature
huntress. Nay, I played no small part in bringing it to you. I was most
certainly pleased that thou wert the first to have been my guest. Thou
art honorable and wise my dear, such cannot be hidden in you. Thou
likely thinkest that thine visit to mine realm twas coincidence? Be not
a fool I willed it so. I was needful that you could be near me, that I
might know that thou wert pureborne.”

The Erlking smashed Maggies shackles and placed her in Harry’s hands.
“Thou art the greatest hunter of thine kind, I cleared thine path for
you. I ensured that thou wert slain. Thou wilt see that thou art not
slain, thou art now free to join your hunt without fear of destruction.
Thou canst replace these dishonourable wretches with thine own children
as thee see fit. A pity I could not get the chance to hunt the red king
and his ilk myself.”

“Your life has been hideous child, thou wert pitted against thyself like
thou wert thine own prey, to live thou wouldst needfully refrain from
the kill and blaspheme thine own nature. It is now abolished in you. May
you and yours now hunt in freedom and rejoice in the kill. Thou hast
redeemed thine species in the shedding of thine own blood.”

“Thou art always welcome as mine guest o’ queen.” The Erlking bows low
to me. He looks at Harry with a sort of piteous eye, “I promise that by
my hand thine mate shall not be slain. I know thine mate twas torn from
thee in a most hideous way.” Ah shucks Erl, how sweet.
Then at that he swiftly left on his way. Harry seemed to come to his
senses after what seemed like forever. Just as well he would have been
confused as fuck. I know I am. As a matter of fact a helicopter came in
and landed taking in a couple people, then left. Harry still stood there
with a thousand mile stare, holding Maggie. I stayed with him, I
wouldn’t leave him, even if he couldn’t see me. I see the aftermath and
stay with my friends in the spirit. I hear their conversations with my
enhanced hearing. I sat there with Ebenezer and Harry while they
chatted, they were none the wiser. It’s amazing he is actually Harry’s
grampa, I wonder what other wizards are in Harry’s line. I wonder if my
Maggie will be a wizard when she grows up? I’m not sure how to feel
about that. I still sat there with Harry as Karrin came over to chat.
Harry was determined he was going to give up Maggie for adoption. Oh my
God I was scared, but then I realized what I did was pretty close. I
hope he decides against it but if he does let her go for a better life I
would understand. The rest escaped into a portal and Harry’s Faerie
Godmother remained. I felt my purpose accomplished and as I heard the
sound of a vehicle approaching I begun to feel light and being pulled
somewhere. Well this is it then, I’m going home to the family I’ve never
known. I get to see the hereafter and Godwilling enter into paradise. I
was being pulled toward the altar. My body was melting into the same
black sludge as all the reds had, mingling with my blood and seemingly
seeping into the stone of the altar. As it did I was drawn into it
rather than being released like I expected. I was terrified that my soul
was meant to be trapped in Chichén Itzáforever.
Fuck.
Then I was sucked into the alter.
I guess that chariot isn’t swinging low for me after all.
As I lay there some words I heard earlier that day keep repeating in my
mind.

 “You son of a bitch,” I said, “You fucking traitor.”

 Martin’s expression flickered at my words. But his eyes never left the
 Red King.“I give you the Fellowship of St. Giles, my lord,” he said.
 “And I beg you to grant me my reward.”

 “Reward,” I said, blind with rage,“What could they possibly give you,
 Martin, to make it worth what you’ve done…”

 “And what do you get?” I said to Martin. The Red King states,
 “Ascension.”

I hear him say ascension over and over again in my head. What is
happening?

My eyes could see the sun rise and set upon that altar, the surface of
my solid tomb. I could feel the warm sun and hear the breeze and
chattering tourists. It’s not so bad being stuck here. I have company,
I’ll get used to it. On the fifth day I rose, at midnight I believe.
From lying on my back, hands crossed on my chest. I had my eyes shut and
as they opened I was being reformed. I sat up. I seen my lower body
finish coalescing from black sludge emerging from within the altar. I
look around the altar and the temple remains empty, and at peace. Except
for the remaining signs of battle.

The only reality I feel right now is ...HUNGER! Oh my God sweet Jesus
mercy and pass me an artery. I’ve never been this goddamned hungry in
all my life. I flip back into autopilot again, the vampire is driving
fasten your seatbelts it’s gonna be a bloody godawful ride. I leapt to
the edge of the temple, onto the stairs of the pyramid. I’m smelling the
air, my vision goes from black of midnight to the shadows of twilight as
my eyes see through the darkness. I smell no life-blood but I see the
glow of life off in one direction, at line of sight. With a growl I’m
off. A growl, like a great cat. Not a shriek, wail or hiss as would be
expected of my kind. Something’s different. I’ll push back the vampire
after this is all over, I can’t deal with this much need. It’s too much.
I laid tracks fast to the source of the radiance and got there in less
than an hour. I seen someone driving a truck down the road and I hit the
windshield at a speed faster than the truck was moving and smashed the
bloody carcass out through the back window onto the road. I utterly
destroyed the man tearing flesh from limb with my claws and gulping
every last bit of blood from the poor victim. They wont even be able to
identify that poor bastard with dental records.

I’m still so goddamned hungry. Jesus. I continue on towards the
beautiful radiance blood and gore dripping from me. The next thing I
knew someone came up behind me with a pistol demanding payment. I paid
him in kind, snapping around his weapon and throwing it long before he
had a chance to pull the trigger. I sank my claws into his spine and
twisted until I heard the snap. Afterwards I landed on his neck like a
cougar slashing and gulping and destroying what was left of the poor
bastard. Two down and still going. I resume running for my destination.
I enter into a village and spring for a tree. I smell quite a bit of
food, between what I smell and the life energy I see I guess maybe two
hundred? Hopefully this godawful vampiric splurge ends soon, hunting
other humans is not a skill I want to get better at. So here I am up in
a tree hissing and purring. What to do, oh what to do. I’m sensing
something close, I leap to another tree and see some teens outside what
looks like a drinking hole. Watching, I see one move around the corner
to urinate and I land on him fangs first. This is the first one I dont
tear apart, I just hold him fast with a powerful grip of my claws. He’s
done after a few minutes but the others have disappeared likely around a
corner.

I prowl back to the area they were, I smell prey close. I also smell
alcohol inside the building I’m leaning against. It looks like a four
story building with a solid roof. I scale the walls like a cockroach to
the roof and perch, waiting for more prey. I hear a shout come from the
rear of the building, where my last victim lay. The call is going out
for a vampire in the town and the people are scurrying about. I don’t
really feel like I should care. I think I would be better off dead
anyway than to suffer through a life like this. I hate myself with a
passion. I hear shotguns going off and blinding fire spew over my head
blinding me. Bloody hell! Incendiary rounds! We used to use them in the
fellowship, they would drop a vampire in one shot screaming as they
burnt alive. Like they were covered in oil. Vampires are quite
vulnerable to fire. At least red court vampires are. Which is apparently
the better part of me.

I’m screwed. They know where I am and I can’t move except should I fall
to the most agonizing death I know. I used to relish in seeing vampires
die in this most deliciously painful way now the shoe is on the other
foot fuck. A flat root, there’s a utility shed to my right. A little
space between the shed and the wall, it looks like I fit. Barely but I
manage to squeeze in. The door opens to the roof and I can hear men
shuffling about. Then I feel the tines of a pitchfork burn into my side
and it’s shoved into me. Oh god I’m done. The man shouts out and others
are running over. The man withdraws the pitchfork and prepares for
another blow while I’m struggling up by the small edge of the roof. I
throw myself off the roof just as one mans shotgun blast tears into the
poor bastard with the pitchfork. I land hard on my side, my torso
punctured and screaming in pain. Dragging myself I manage to pull myself
behind a garbage bin. I look and see my wounds quickly healing over. Oh
hell. No flaming shotguns but if someone had a normal firearm I would
eat a bullet in a second.

Another man walks my way, trying to be silent but my ears can hear a pin
drop at a thousand paces. As he is passing by I pounce and take him
down. Leaving the body beside the dumpster I leap to the wall of the
adjacent building. I climb up half way and then. Get this. In instinct I
rotate my head one hundred eighty degrees to see to the ground. Yeah, my
head is facing backwards. Ew. I can see three targets in the street,
then a shotgun blast and it fucking hits. Oh my fucking God and
incendiary round hits and I’m burning. Oh motherfucker I’ve never known
pain like that in all my life. I’m fricking shrieking at the top of my
lungs and fall hard to the ground thrashing as the men move in to make
the kill. It’s just as well to put me out of my misery I don’t want to
live like this. I’m no vampire to take any love in the kill, I feel just
as human as I ever was. That said this is the most awful experience I’ve
had in all my life. After years of hunting monsters to suddenly be one
of the monsters is incomprehensible.

Just as the men were approaching the unfortunate happens. The tavern
opens the door and throws out the dishwater. Right on me. Plumes of
steam billow up as the fire on me is put out. I struggle to move around
the back of the building while the men chew out the poor dish washer
from the tavern. I’m getting hungrier as I heal. The dumb bastards are
making me worse the more they hurt me, what a bunch of asshats.

“What the hell are you people doing? You keep fucking me up the hungrier
I get!”

“What the hell do you expect of us vampire? roll over and die? We are
going to kill you and save a thousand lives in the process!”

“You want to kill me fine. Toss me a firearm and I’ll save you the
trouble. I don’t want to live like this anymore than you want to lose
people you know and care about.”

“Are you serious? What kind of vampire are you? I’ll submit to your
request, I’m tossing you a pistol now.”
The weapon lands a couple feet from me. I grab it, aim, and take off my
head. Dead. Done.

Back to black. The emptiness is bliss this time. I hear nothing, see
nothing, feel nothing. I may not be in paradise but my death is a
thousand lives spared.

Then I feel, sensations stirred in my frame. The smell of alcohol drifts
past my awareness. I open my eyes, and there below me is the pistol, one
round discharge. I checked. Oh god, this is a nightmare I can’t escape.
I can’t die. But I can kill, quickly, and easily. A predator who wishes
they could just cease to be but death will never find them. Death will
never come. I will suffer eternally in this living hell. I shivered.
Then I succumbed to a terrible sorrow, unsure if I am responsible in
killing Martin or he in causing me to kill him. Or maybe neither. The
guild still rests on me, and I wonder if I could ever think that I might
be forgiven for the act of making the first kill, and joining the court
of the damned. The others are gone now though, it’s just me, alone, and
suffering. Thank god it’s just me though. I remind myself for whatever I
may be I destroyed the rest of the court, it is just me in the end, and
I have saved perhaps millions of lives. I’ll never really know.

I’m not quite as hungry as I was, but I still need so much more to curb
the need. I hope I can get myself under control.

As I sat brooding a little girl came around the corner.

“Are you the vampire girl?”

“Why yes, yes I am my dear.”

“You’re not dead?”

“It would seem not. Whats your name?”

“Maria, what’s your name?”

“Susan.”

“I didn’t know vampires have names”

“We do. We were people once too.”

“I’m told vampires are bad monsters”

“We are. vampires turn people into other vampires and they become
monsters.”

“You don’t seem to be a monster, except you eat people that’s very bad”

“Yes it is, and I’ll need to eat more people soon I’m very hungry”

“Please don’t eat me”

“I won’t. I’ll eat someone else.”

“There is a jail north of here. There’s drug dealers and other very bad
people. You could eat the bad people.”

I smiled at the little girl. “Thank you! I’ll eat the bad people for
you.” I give her a hug, and soak her with the blood on me.

“ew.”

“sorry. I’m going to go eat the bad guys now. You should go back to your
mom I wouldn’t want to see you hurt by bad people out here.”

“I will. Be careful Susan.”

So she ran off to her mom, and I double time it to the north of the
village and there is one hell of a prison there. This must house baddies
from far and wide. The walls are high and topped with razor wire. I pass
the wall by going to noncorporeal form, I don’t think anyone has created
anything a vampire cannot pass. The yard is empty, it is still the
middle of the night. I’ll try and avoid the guards I don’t want the
people of the village hurt, they need to be protected from these bad
guys. I return solid after passing the wall to conserve my energy. I
duck and weave around the floodlights in the guard towers. I’m able to
sense the cells, and it’s nearly 3am. I don’t have long. I pass walls
into and through four cells devouring inmates claw and fang before the
sun starts to peek out. I thought my skin was going to burst into flame!
I seen the solitary cell in the back and fled into it right through the
open door for speeds sake, closing the door behind me. I left a trail of
smoke behind where my flesh was burning. I perched myself in the cell’s
ceiling for a rest. Yes I seem to be able to find rest in pretty much
any position. I haven’t been able to sleep though, not since I rose from
death.

The shout went out and the alarm rang in the prison at about 9am would
be my guess.

A guard entered the isolation cell, the sunlight leaking into the cell
caused my skin to begin to burn. It was all I could do to keep from
yelling out from the pain. The guard looked at the walls, then down at
the floor. Fuck, some of the blood fell off me onto the floor. Just a
couple drops but I think I just blew my cover. He looked up! Before he
was able to yell out I had my hand around his neck. I dropped from the
ceiling and shut the door from the pain of the light. He’s mine now. I
tease him a little, a nibble here and a tickle there, followed by a deep
deep kiss. He took a truckload of venom and went under fast. I whispered
my command to him and let him go. A command to forget. He left the room
a little red around the collar and called out the all clear. I’m good
for now.

The jail was rather busy that day while I hid. There was a significant
amount of fear, fear that the reds were back. A fear that they never
really left but only drew back to regroup. I’m causing chaos here and it
isn’t what I want at all, I’m just trying to get by long enough to
overcome my present state. As night fell I peered out into the jail.
There are guards and volunteers taking shifts on the floor, armed with
goddamned incendiary shotguns and holy items. Looks like holy oil and
water as well. I’m pretty much fucked. I look for the guard I enthralled
but I don’t see him anywhere. I need to get the hell out of here
somehow.

I can go non-corporeal to pass walls and doors but I have no fucking
clue how to stay in that state to do anything else. It’s not like I have
a full red court master or mentor to teach me the ropes. Not that I want
that, I just want back to normal. So I look around, the cells of the
inmates I fed on are empty now, off to my right. 4 stories of row upon
row of cells are to both sides of the hall facing forward, continuing
for 20 cells in series. Twenty people sitting or sleeping in the main
hall here sweeping flashlight and naptha lanterns. It’s well lit in here
tonight.

Not-So-Friendly neighbourhood entity
====================================

ate Sunday afternoon a preacher from a neighbouring village came for a
visit to find me. I was having dinner with Jose, Francisca and kids when
a knock came at the door. The man said Father Antonio sent him over, his
village is being terrorized by a supernatural entity. William was the
preacher’s name, a fundamentalist protestant missionary. You know the
type, the “if it ain’t Jesus it be the devil” sort. Its good he didn’t
know about my, umm, features. It made me chuckle nonetheless. Especially
when I made the head tilted down in shyness act (to hide the fangs). He
said he came here because it is becoming well known that I have great
knowledge of vampirism and the supernatural. Well I should imagine.

William states, “Hello Susan, I have a bit of a problem.”

I roll my eyes, really, can you start much more vague? “I have a few,
wanna trade?”

“Not presently. I am, well our town is, experiencing what might seem to
be vampiric activity although we haven’t seen the creature. Even when it
seems to be feeding.”

Hells bells, right over his head. I know it’s dry humor but still he
should have acknowledged. Oh well. Vampires unseen when feeding? That’s
new. As a matter of fact this creature seems to be completely new to me.
Very cool, I’m in.

I pushed my chair back and stood straight up. Jose looked at me, he
hadn’t seen this side of me yet, the relentless journalist.

“Where?”

“Well really in the town nowhere specific, particularily around the town
cemetary. Some have been sleeping in shifts to ward off the creature but
every night a resident is either pale from blood loss or dead. Even when
someone was standing guard all night. Sometimes more than one person
some residents have gathered into each others homes for safety but it
has been quite futile.”

Oh crap, this is creepy. I’m going to need to gather some more intel
from this guy and follow up with some research. I don’t want to become
the next bloodless cadaver. Well, present symptoms aside.

“Come, have some dinner. We have plenty especially for someone so
troubled.” Francisca says.

“Thank you good woman, I certainly will. Will you help us out?”
petitions William.

“Oh I’m all over it like a cheap suit dude, when we finish dinner if
it’s ok with you we will head to my odd little abode and makeshift
office. Jose and Carlos will be with us, they rarely leave my side. It’s
been hard for me to adjust to life after the war, I’m sure you
understand. They are sworn to secrecy though so don’t worry about
sensitive details do tell everything you know. Anything could be an
important clue in this matter.”

“And thank you Susan we will certainly bring to light the facts on the
matter.”

And so it began. According to William the events started 3 months ago.
“We all knew about vampires and stood on guard for them but we haven’t
seen any as I mentioned. Not even a sound. Those who have had garlic or
onions in the home seem to be the least effected. Miguel and his family
have also been less effected but the only thing new for him was he was
sewing seeds for his garden recently. It makes no sense. Yet none of it
does. Jorge and his family have been the most effected. He has a large
family but he has lost 3 members of his family so far and they have yet
to see their attacker.”

William continued with his testimony. Right, OK. Definately seems to be
a vampire. Onions are new though, that might help. A garden? That really
might be nothing I’ve never in my life heard anything remotely caustic
about a newly sewed garden with respect to vampires. In my change I’ve
never had any repulsion of gardens newly sewn or not. That is something
that may be a huge clue. Or it may be a waste of time. I’m leaning
toward it being a waste of time. Looks like it’s time to hit the books.

“Thank you William, I am going to retire to my study to research things
further. Please allow my companions to offer any hospitality to you as
our meager means allows. I will see you soon at you house. Give me a
week or two.”

“Thank you Susan, this means the world to me and my town. I’ll wait with
bated breath.”

God was that ever creepy. That whole “Please allow my companions” thing
just seems so Bela Lugosi. Next I’ll be calling for Renfield. Shit. I
feel like wallpapering my tower with disney characters now. Well,
actually no. Maybe kinda. No that would be just exchanging one kind of
creepy for another so no.

Oh for a computer and an internet connection. I have a pretty good
library in the basement especially on vampirism but it doesn’t matter
how many books anyone can accumulate the internet is just so much
better. Oh, and for what it’s worth my basement is actually an
unoccupied part of the crypt. The three of us walled off the crypt and
boarded over it to create a safe space. Otherwise, hells bells, that
would be the ultimate in creepy. With what’s left of my ailment I really
don’t need the burden of that reality.

Nonetheless, given my limited resources I was still able to find some
hits starting from the middle ages. Starting and going back in time. The
further back I go it seems the more occurances that meet Williams
description I could find. I’m finding the greatest amount in the time of
Sumer but that’s as far back as my resources can reach. Hells bells this
is getting awesome. Have I found the forefather of all vampires? My
research indicates I may have. I have no magical references though just
historical. In order to solve this I think I’m going to have to move
forward by going to this poor town and doing some footwork to find out
what I can dig up. Perhaps if nothing else I can get enough to know
where to further my research.

I contact William by phone. Which by the way since the telco charges
even to just pick the phone up conversations are rather brief. That’s a
gripe for another day though. He is allowing me to stay with him for the
time I am there. Great. Like a week of not smiling. Speaking of which my
companions did the most terrible task of feeding me before I left so I
didn’t end up looking like the walking dead. So yeah after I calmed down
I did some sunbathing on the battlements to wash that horror off me.
I’ll never be at peace with such a thing.

Vehicles in this part of the world seem no better than Harry’s beetle,
I’m surprised some of them have a wiring harness. I’ve seen some
vehicles that go back to the 50’s. Roads are no better. We get there in
one piece except that my ass is flat from the combination of the bad
roads and old vehicle making like a jackhammer to my bottom. I met
William again and he invited me in. I seen he had a backporch so we
retired there for a good lunch and to enjoy a little sun.

That afternoon we explored. First the cemetary since the phenomenon
seemed to focus around this area.

I inquire, “Is this an active cemetary, I mean are there fresh burials?”

“No not for some time. There are still some empty plots but they were
purchased a century ago. The purchase certificates are presumed lost
over time but the town council will not resell the plots out of a sense
of common decency.”

“Yeah I can just imagine, I’m sorry but someone outbid you on your plot,
gramma is going to have to get a cremation.”

OK so an inactive graveyard. Further exploration brings up nothing.

We continue over to Jorge’s home. When we enter there are a most
disturbing number of crosses on the walls and in every part of the
house. Wallpapered with crosses. I was invited in so that worked out
fine but all these crosses are making me itchy all over. I’m going to be
itching for days I’m thinking. I talk to Jorge and he says the vampire
has been attacking them ever since their father died. He thinks there
might have been foul play and the Lord is punishing them for someone’s
secret shame. They pray every day but the horror keeps happening. I’m
thinking to myself buddy, if the crosses aren’t working maybe you should
try something different and not keep pounding a dead horse. I wouldn’t
say it though.

We went to Miguel’s next. The first thing I noticed is that he not only
seeded the garden but seeded the entire threshold. The seedbag had a
hole perhaps. This may be significant as I know well the threshold of a
house can bar a supernatural creature from entry. I query Miguel.

“Miguel has anyone been attacked in your household?” I know the answer
is yes, just wondering what his answer will be.

“Yeah, little Jimmy was looking pretty pale a month ago. Assuming it
wasn’t a medical issue it must have been the vampire. Our two youngest
girls also. Same condition. Nothing since.”

“Miguel when did you seed your garden?”

”It was perhaps about 4 weeks ago”

Oh yeah, score one. Need to look up supernatural occurrances related to
seeding. Of course need to check for scientific explanations and
consider the fact the children did not die but were affected in such a
mild way the odds are in favour of a scientific explanation. Or better
said to be a medical one.

“Is there anything else, out of the ordinary, you may have noticed in
town.”

“Yeah, I’ve seen a shaman in the streets at night. It’s an odd thing, we
don’t have a shaman in this town we all are God fearing christians. I’ve
seen him around a couple months now.”

uh huh, score is 2 now. Look for magick, particularily rituals, that
bring about this kind of thing. Oh yeah smokin’.

“William, Jorges father or father in law I didn’t catch it, was he an
odd sort?”

“Oh very much so. He read into musty old books and loved chemistry of
all things. He called it alchemy but whatever. Some kind of history nut
I guess.”

“If Jorge is able could you spare me some of those old dusty tomes and
some equipment, It might be important.” “Absolutely, nobody around here
has any interest in the stuff. Would probably just end up in the
garbage.”

“Well in that case you can give me the lot of it and I’ll sort through
it.”

“Sure, if you really want it, it’s yours. Just happy to get it out of
the way, Thanks Susan.”

“No problem.”

Looking good so far. The rest of the search turned up nothing so I spent
the night and headed back the next day heavy some books and lab
equipment.

Back home I spent a week looking through my own library to no avail. The
musty tomes have yet to reveal anything, some are ancient egyptian
others are a language I have no previous knowledge of. I either need a
computer with internet or access to a library, preferably at a
university. As a matter of fact access to an archeology professor would
be most excellent. I hope this article turns heads and scores me some
cash I seriously need to expand my library and setup a lab. Well and a
computer with internet. The computer with internet first I would say.

During my meditation that night I had a vision of laying on the alter at
Chichén Itzá, my blood pooling around me. The sound of thunder and a
million points of light, turning into a million bolts of lightning
striking me a tearing me inside out. Then I wake on the alter just like
I did the day I started my journey back here, with all the combatants
having vanished into the wind. I don’t remember anything about thunder
and lightning in my recollection of events so I assume it is my version
of a bad dream. Some time after the vision I heard a multi-voice like
from a B movie demon, “join ussss”. Sorry buddy or buddies whatever not
joining your party but thanks.

I ask Jose if there is anybody nearby with a computer and internet. He
said yeah there’s a mathematics professor north of here. He works in San
Jose but keeps a cabin down here for private time. It’s 8 hours walk or
less to drive. I thought duh then thought, yeah with the condition of
the roads and cars down here sometimes it is a tossup which way is
faster.

I decided to do the car thing. It didn’t take too long so I’m glad it
was advantagous. The professor’s name is Philip and he keeps his spare
key under the doormat. Well fuck almighty nobody would think to look
there. I suppose that’s why they say “absent minded professor”.

So the computer and internet are working 365 days a year. Well maybe not
working but definately contracted to 365 day service. As I expected
being a math prof, he’s running off a unix style computer. Debian linux
in fact. Doesn’t matter first thing I do is burn tails on a CD and
reboot. I don’t know if I’ve said this before but this is one of those
things hard core journalists learn quickly to keep their ass covered.
Good, now I have internet access.

Got some of the books with me I snap some pictures and send it with gpg
encrypted email to an archeologist contact at ucla. I’ve known him for a
while. A long while. We only meet at certain conventions though. He
wouldn’t know if I was dead or alive otherwise, and thank God for that.
He’ll get back to me within the week so I’ll come back then. Back to
town then the women are putting together a bake sale and I’m gonna help
out. Then resume my studies on vampirism to try to find salvation.

Sure enough I called Philip 3 days later and he let me know he repied.
He wouldn’t say any more of course otherwise what’s the point in
corresponding with gpg encrypted E-Mails? Well I head back to the cabin
with Jose and found out the news.

The sample I transmitted to him was a language called enochian, and the
other was as I thought ancient egyptian. Actually middle egyptian but
same diff. Anyway in addition to that the egyptian work seemed to relate
to something called an etheric revenant whatever that is. He said it was
a historic document. The enochian portion was apparently hard to
decipher because the language was supposedly revealed by the angelic and
is not complete. He did determine that it was a magickal ritual though
so at least there’s that.

Cool. Now we’re getting somewhere. Need to find out what the hell an
etheric revenant is, and see how much I can decipher of this enochian
document. I found some translation guidelines on the internet just now
for enochian and it looks easy enough, I’ll see how much I can put
together. It sounds like the guy likely needed to use multiple sources
to put the ritual together just based on the incompleteness of the
enochian language. I’m gonna have some fun with that, oh yeah. For the
ancient egyptian tomes I am pleased to say there were not many. I
scanned them, gpg encrypted them, then shared them off to my guy at
ucla. For what it’s worth his name is Keith. I gave him a ring and he
said 3 days. He’s going to throw it through his OCR software and clean
up what’s left after to speed things along.

So it took four or five days and I got the enochian books translated.
He’s right what a mess. It seems to translate only half of the everyday
vocabulary. I’m prejudiced though because I did take four to five days
deciphering the mess. It is definately is a ritual and the tomes
altogether showed a ritual that seems to show methods of strengthening
the ethereal body to hold the spirit from passing through the veil. I
have no idea what ethereal means yet but I know the veil reference is
the gateway to the afterlife, the expressway to the far reaches of the
nevernever which is heaven, hell, tarterus and such. Learned that on
other articles. OK looks like we got more than a bite out of that apple
I’ll bet it’s halfway devoured. Now just to wait on the egyptian
translation and I think we can fix this crap once and for all. I’m sure
glad I got the big pile of “junk” from William, or Jorge as it were.

One thing I’m sure of is that this is definately a vampire. Maybe not
the sort we’re seeing in modern times. I wonder if this thing might be
the forefather of all the vampire courts somehow, it seems so alien and
ancient in nature. These tomes seem to be middle age or dark age, very
old. The egyptian works are far older, I don’t know how old middle
egyptian is but it sounds very old. Speaking of which I recieved his
transmission, printed and bound it for reading when I get back to my
cozy little stone tower.

What do we got here. OK so it looks like the ethereal is a plane of
existence, perhaps referring to the edge of the nevernever like to the
skin on top of water. It refers to the human person as being the only
creature to exist on all the planes of existence making us special. Well
don’t I feel special. We have an ethereal body which attaches our
physical to the spiritual or non-physical components of our whole self,
and the ethereal and physical body feed and maintain each other.
Everything we consume has physical and ethereal properties and our
physical body has a part in metabolizing ethereal energy, balancing
intake in conjunction with the ethereal as well as acting as a kind of
“battery” to help manage our ethereal balance. OK so if we die, as in
our physical self dies, we then undergo a “second death” where that
interdependant relationship causes the ethereal body to die also and
both bodies break down releasing to spirit into the nevernever like a
helium balloon destined for the farthest reaches where the pantheistic
afterlife exists.

The etheric revenant is an ethereal body that has not died the way the
physical has. A magickal ritual is used, which is not detailed here, to
prevent that second death. Depending on the condition of the physical
body the revenant will need to to feed more, or feed less. Feeding the
etheric energies of the physical around them other people are the best
source of etheric energy. When the revenant feeds although not
physically connected to the physical body there is still an etheric
connection but anyway the physical body although dead still benefits and
deterioration of that physical body is slowed to stopped. The black
court should take some lessons here because they clearly are doing
something wrong. Anyway according to this the ritual preserves the body
in such a prestine condition that the caretakers (or companions in a
sense) only had to feed physical human meals to the creature for
sustenance as the physical body had nearly the full interdependant
capacity as it did in life.

Oh Christ, there it is clear as day! This is the signpost showing the
direction to salvation! It is not any kind of cure yet but what I see
here directs me to not research a cure for the physical reality of the
vampire but rather heal it’s ability to eat physical food like a human
does. Ah crap I think we’ve been going at it wrong all this time because
we didn’t have this ancient knowledge.

Did I ever scream when I seen that, for someone that has lost all hope
even that little possibility mean everything in the world! Jose came
running and I explained what I seen. I recieved a long hug and ever
rugged Jose actually shed tears. He does care about me after all, we are
comrades from the war and as any vets know there is a special
relationship between fellow soldiers.

So I believe we have what we need. We should seek out that wandering
shaman because I suspect he is intimately involved in this. As a matter
of fact I would say he is the magician (term used in magickal arts.
stage magicians are referred to as illusionists) who performed the
ritual to bring about the etheric revenant in the first place. I’m sure
he has protected himself effectively as most times this ritual is an
evil thing to achieve immortality. Also since he performed the ritual he
would know where he placed the body so we can go there to destroy the
body causing the second death and releasing the spirit. Beautiful. This
article is going to seriously rock.

Etheric Revenant
================

t seemed like such a long trip back to William’s town. It’s just time to
rock and I want to get there like now, right now is a good time lets not
drive and just be there now snap fingers and just be there. Oh well, no
such luck. I kinda wish I had wings, but maybe I shouldn’t wish with my
luck I have a true form that can fly like a dragon breathing fire and
everything. Gotta get me fixed somehow.

So I reviewed my case notes so far. One of the highest etheric content
is found in sprouting seeds. Bang, there’s where the seeds come in.
Found nothing about thresholds so either the books just never mentioned
it or this creature is unaffected by thresholds. I’m guessing the
latter, I am in a sense my own example where I have a component of
vampire in me but I’m not effected by thresholds. I hope I don’t have to
go in Jorge’s house again it took 3 fricking days for that full body
itching to stop. 3 days. hells bells.

Aye and I’m dressed to kill at that, well actually I’m dressed to do a
valve job. I have no clothes so I borrow what Carlos has since we are
about the same size and he works with a railroad company. I’m
Francisca’s size too but the ankle long dresses she wears wouldn’t do me
much good for the life I lead. Further check of the case notes, my
checklist. Need to ask William about running water for the innocent to
run through if needed. Hopefully there’s a stream. As for me there is
that most gruesome red court vampire half that might help, garlic, and
some steely knives so that I just might kill the beast.

So our first stop is going to be Miguel’s to find out more about that
shaman. We need to find him to find the body. There’s nothing we can do
to destroy the revenant unless we destroy the body. The most we could do
is use our knowledge to assist the families in warding off the revenant
indefinately and that is not good enough for me. I would shame myself to
submit such an article.

After we arrive at Miguel’s house he answers that question, “I see the
shaman at midnight to the north of the cemetary, over there,”

He points to the cemetary which is west of his house past Jorge who is
directly east of the boneyard.

“He works some magic over himself and walks into the cemetary. Some
nights I see him come out when I have trouble sleeping, usually around
3AM. I always assumed he was blessing the dead of the ancestors to
assist them home. It usually happens every night.”

Wierd. I haven’t a clue what this dude is doing out there. I’m guessing
he ain’t no shaman. “I’m going to go meet this supposed shaman tonight,
is it OK if my guys stay with you tonight Miguel?”

“Yes of course, they aren’t going with you?”

“Better not. Between the war experience and the journalistic experience
I’ll be fine, more than one person could unsettle him or bring us
attention we don’t need. I’ll go alone.” Besides I don’t want to vamp
out or worse lose one or more fellows I need them to take care of me. I
could see Carlos about to raise an objection. Miguel turned and I
hopped, pointed to Miguel, pointed to my eyes, pointed to my fangs.
Miguel coughed but he got the hint. Miguel or anyone else for that
matter need not see me vamp out I’d be lynched in such a religious town
fairly immediately.

“As a matter of fact Miguel, maybe we could get the preacher to advise
residents to stay in tonight for the exact same reason” and all Carlos
had to say was an agreeable “mmhmm” like what can you say really without
letting the cat out of the bag?

I actually headed out about 1PM with a sandwich and fruit that Miguel
prepared so that I could munch and get a look at the area alone from a
journalist perspective. I need to find a roost to snap some photos, take
notes, unobserved. Then I’ll move in all friendly and see if I can find
out more about who this dude is and what he is doing. Hopefully it works
out but if not I need to know where cover is so I can dive and a route
to get away fast. Done this stuff before no biggie for me, shown be cut
and dry. The area is quite residential with midrise apartment buildings
and homes on single acre lots. The homes aren’t big but they are in good
shape, the people that live here are working for a decent wage. The
cemetary is unfenced. To the south side is a cliff with a single
treacherous path leading down to more recent graves below. I went down
and verified none of the graves are less than a year old, newest is
about 50 years old. It makes a difference because my material indicates
life as a revenant is hard and most don’t live more than a year. Down
here I see where a lot of garbage has been dumped over a long time,
which is an abomination to have strewn across this section of graveyard.
It seems to be an island though heavy equipment seems to roll through
here often and I see a railway line not 50 feet away through overgrown
brush. The machinery must be working on the line, this section is under
constant use even up to present the ground is completely dug up. There
are some coloured banners on the trees and brush in this area which I am
presuming is due to the construction, power lines, gas lines, graves and
so on. On the cliff face I see 2 or 3 tomb entrances but I don’t see how
on God’s green earth one would gain access to them. Perhaps there was a
way at one time but the path was washed away. Moving back up the cliff
at the top is a caretakers shed. It’s locked but a look in the windows
says it’s not worth the time having someone unopen it I see nothing of
interest. There are pathways leading throughout the cemetary, this top
area is a victorian garden style which is very nice and maintained. I
don’t see anthing more to say about it here. The church is actually on
the cemetary property but is properly attached to the main street and
not inside the cemetary. Assumably the church owns the boneyard but I
have nothing actually saying that’s true.

I looked in the area Miguel pointed out and I do see the remains of a
ritual being worked. I can’t tell if it’s ancient magick or modern magic
that uses the magical current such as wizards like Harry uses. I don’t
know enough about magick to see the difference. Of what I do see is the
circle was made with salt given that it tastes salty. Don’t judge me I
was pretty sure it wasn’t deadly poison. Well fairly sure. There are
burn marks and the remains of unknown components. I guess suffice it to
say somun dun magics ’ere.

OK so immediately north of me is a small park area, a home to the east
and a midrise 6 story to the west. Searching the park I find nothing,
well besides cut grass, trees and bushes. Which is where I found a nice
roost, actually in one of the bushes there is a depression where I can
lie below ground level completely eaten up by this bush. It’s a glorious
find.

The plan is then to do a full 7 hour meditation. It’s longer than usual
but it’s 4PM now and that takes me to 11PM. I’ll start my stakeout then
in case he arrives early and go from there. I’m thinking since the
cemetary is unused it’s likely the lower area the the revenants body is
resting. It looks like a jungle down there. This guy is probably doing
some kind of residual magic and passing not into the cemetary but
through it and descending to the lower level to do whatever it is he is
doing. When I confront him he should fumble through excuses but I know
he will drop some manner of clue for me to follow up on. I have to try
and wait for the right time. Before he finishes the ritual in case it is
a protective one I may not get a chance to get near him then. I’ll use
my more sensitive half vampire hearing and write down what I can. Which
reminds me I should put together a red or blue flashlight it doesn’t
look like there are any lights at all and it calls for a pitch black
night tonight. Miguel should have something I can use for a stealth
flashlight.

I went to miguels and scored big on the flashlight, got a military
surplus flashlight with the detachable coloured filters. Absolutely
perfect, clip and everything totally handsfree if I set it up right.
When I was in the city I wondered about decking out in military gear to
make stakeouts easier, but in the city is does just the opposite.
Imagine a guy walking down the street or in the park in army fatigues
and gear. Stick out much? yeah I think so. I’ve heard of journalist
using the SEP method though. Dressing so insanely that people turn away
and pay no notice of them. It stands for “Somebody Elses Problem” and
aptly named.

Meditation was restful. I can’t sleep as a matter of nature currently so
until I can heal that part of myself I just simply meditate. It works
very well for me so far breaking the day and creating the recharge time.
Unfortuately meditation is when my visions come. And this night was no
different. And I still can’t be sure what they mean. Yet I am still sure
they are of a diabolical nature.

So again this night visions revisit her, this time more vivid than
before, more detailed.

She sees a workshop, reds and humans alike. Alchemists and scribes
working. The red king, and one ringwraith? That guy needs to reconsider
his fashion sense that kind of thing is munchkinwear. They are
discussing a spell. The bloodline curse.

“Good afternoon, it appears our spell is near completion. We certainly
appreciate your interest in this matter”

“Certainly. It is in our best interest to see you win this war, You
clearly will do so at any cost.”

“We won’t be shamed by our enemies, we engaged in our pursuit too soon
and did not gain the momentum necessary for victory, that needs to be
rectified. This is one step forward towards that goal.”

“And brilliant dear king, no matter what happens you win.”

“In my mind although his daughters sacrifice would bestow the power of
Harry’s bloodline to her there would be few to be consumed by the
spell.”

“But if Harry should save his daughter,”

The red king replies, “Irrelevant. A child inherits the power of a
pitiful few. Ariana is pleased but our victory is still uncertain.
Absolute world domination ever less so. The key is the one named Martin.
His hate has consumed him. Although he assumed he has deceived me I am
the master of deceit. He will throw himself down to be fed, his hatred
is too great to choose to feed and to turn. He will make himself food.
Even if he does feed we still have victory with him as the heir to the
red court. Truly any red court vampire sacrificed will ascend. Ariana
would be most pleased to see his lover as the full red court heir of
course, to see the subjugation of this world under her will and might.
Imagine the distillation of the power of the entire red court upon the
one, the vicious, ruthless, conqueror and true red court heir.”

“Yes king, the new red court will be vast. She will propogate quickly
and be mighty indeed. And I will be pleased to have such an ally. I
shall be the one who created the way to ascension of the ruler of the
world”

Susan stirred conscious for a moment. Heh, somebody really fricked
up. I may not know what I am but I know ruthless conqueror does not fit
the bill. I think these visions are closer to dreams. I guess I
shouldn’t pay so much attention to them anymore. I’m just so
self-conscious and unsure after my ordeal, I just need to give myself
some time. Well a couple hours left I’ll go back into my meditation.

Multi-voice again, “The foolssss, it wasss too ssssoon. That which wasss
human is asssscended human that which wasss vampire is assscended
vampire. You are who you are not, You are not who you are, fusion of
human and vampire asss one. Our sssissster come. Our sssissster join
usss.” Susan interjects unashamedly in her semi-conscious state, “Oh
shutup I’m meditating here.” “Yesss, do enjoy” “I am thank you” How
polite the demons are. Such a refreshing change seriously. I think I can
get control of these visions just need to be firm but polite. No prob.

Soon enough along comes the shaman. I see the lights coming from the
distance and sweeping. He’s coming straight toward me! Ah hell gotta
move quick, if I wait it’s all the more likely he’ll notice me. I roll
quick out of the hole I’m in and behind a tree. After waiting for the
sweep of his flashlight to move to the other side I dive for a nearby
tree large enough to stay hidden behind. After wiping the sweat from my
brow I watch him slowly moving by. Once he gets to the street I see him
cast a circle and place some food into a triangular “circle”. I see a
semi corporeal object that looks like a meat sack appear and descending
on the food. Oh God ew, for an invisible entity it sure looks rather
visible now. It must be growing stronger. Once the creature was feeding
the shaman moved from the circle into the cemetary. I’m thinking to
myself was he really so much feeding the creature as distracting it to
avoid being it’s meal himself? I wait until the shaman is well into the
cemetary before I launch up and head for the cemetary behind him,
checking I have my garlic secure on my person first of course. Once past
the entity his flashlight flicks off. Damn. I move quick and fall twice
to get closer. Closing the distance slower now I see a light shining
below the cliff and I realize that the light didn’t go out as much as
the shaman is descending the cliff. I move quickly to just beyond the
edge of the cliff to see when he fully descends and is occupied. I’ll be
damned if I’m gonna scare him off when he sees my light right behind
him.

He descends slowly. I have no idea who figured it was a good idea to
expand a graveyard off the edge of a cliff with little more than a goat
trail going down. It makes me wonder again about the crypts that poke
out the middle of the cliff. Likely there were goat trails to those too
before there wasn’t.

When he reached bottom he shone the light back up again. I’m glad I
didn’t go down too soon he would’ve run for sure. I see the light
flicker over the graves and then out past them into the rough area. He
seems to have located what he was looking for there. I was about to head
down when he turned around and shone the light at the cliff. He pulls
something out and I see the glint of a shovel. Sure then, is he about to
bury his the troubles or pop open a cold one?

When he is back at the rough area I decide it’s time for me to slip
quietly down.

“Whoops, crap!” Susan slips on the edge of the cliff and the next thing
she knows two balls of fire are heading her way. The first one slams
loudly into the edge of the cliff where she is standing melting it into
glass and the other hits her square in her left side. Involuntarily a
low growl like a half ton tiger comes from her and she falls and lands
soundlessly like a cat 50 feet away. Brutally injured she falls to the
ground. half her torso is missing and her left arm is gone. “Jesus, why
am i not dead?” Her wound is bloodless and her flesh black and necrotic.
The sound of writhing black larva comes from her side and she sees
herself quickly regenerating via what appears to be a massive larval
mass. “eeeew” she exclaims.

The flashlight moves closer to her and she is thinking to herself still
immobilized from injury, “egad I wish I could just make like smoke and
float away”. The flashlight lands on her but with a hiss she dissipates
into a light fog, glowing eyes show forth to the shaman for an instant
and are gone. The same involuntary growl comes from her but now seeming
to come from every direction. The shaman is terrified.

“Holy hells David, any other sorcerer on this planet would hit a mortal
but you would have to hurl fire into some nasty ass demon you fricking
idiot. What the hell were you thinking at least wait until you see what
you’re aiming for. Now you’re dead you poor dumb bastard”

Susan ponders, “It hurt like hell but listen to this guy spill, almost
worth it. Almost. Ouch.”

“Abram and his dumbass ideas, I can be a revenant and find divinity in
myself through immortality. All you have to do is bring me the proper
sustenance. Oh Abram you greedy bastard sustenance was not enough you
needed the ethereal energy of human beings didn’t you? It was so
unnecessary but you did it and brought attention to yourself and likely
me too. Apparently also this nasty ass demon. Oh you bastard. I dug you
a hole, a crypt for all time but screw you. You uninhibited S.O.B.
figure it out yourself I’m outta here, see you in hell.”

He scrambles up the cliff and I let him go. To hell with it there is no
earthly law that would convict him for what he did although I hope he
repays this debt in the hereafter. I located the body in perfect
preservation exactly where David the sorcerer was in the rough brush,
covered in a tarp. The freshly dug crypt, earthen dug into the soft
cliff face and lined with stone. Abrams organs were in a jar in the
crypt already and his body mummified ready to be placed. I reached for
my journal out of instinct and my body solidified. Completely healed. I
figured I will freak out over that later no time at the present. This is
perfectly according to my research. So that’s why the victims weren’t
killed, the revenant had no need of their energy. David executed the
plan perfectly. Abram was just greedy. Too bad for him the townspeople
are going to burn this corpse on a pire, no more revenant. I stayed and
meditated in the brush until morning light for safety. That very morning
the townspeople cremated that corpse and me and my boys were on our way
home.

We passed by the cabin on the way through and I typed up the story from
my journal and sent it to the arcanes securebox using tails. I also sent
a bitcoin address hoping to get some payment for my work on the story.
They came through in spades the payment was massive. As a matter of fact
I yelled and did a nose to floor fistpump “yessssss!”

Finally, with permission of the diocese and a good word from the pastor
the basilica got rebuilt and my home became what it should be. I have
internet now! Life is good. My library has significantly expanded,
magick temple, kitchen, living room, alchemy lab, awesomeness. Even the
crypt was cleaned up and renovated. It’s now accessible from outside cut
off from the rest of the basilica. The women of the village place
flowers at the tombs every Sunday after mass. It’s good to see.

My heart got the better of me when I got back home and I called father
Forthill in Chicago worried about Maggie and wondering how Harry is
doing. Of course father didn’t believe it was me and all I got was that
Maggie is safe and happy and Harry is at least still breathing. We both
knew that’s all we could ask of Harry. Poor bastard. He deserves a happy
life. I left him father Antonio as a forwarding contact and wished him
well before we hungup. I can’t visit, but at least I know they are alive
and Maggie is happy. I couldn’t ask for anything more. I told father
Antonio if father Forthill does ever call he is a family friend and to
speak openly.

Well the demons have picked tomorrow morning for us to have our BBQ. It
will be good to meet them. In as much as it is good to meet demons I
guess. I certainly have a lot questions. The confrontation with David
really emphasized how little I know about myself.

Dæmons Rise
===========

Corporate Zombies
=================

Ooh Rah
=======

Major League
============

Sing Sing of Desire
===================

I Brutally Love You
===================

The devil went down to Georgia
==============================

A rose among the thorns
=======================

Homecoming Queen
================

Even Steven
===========

Return in Glory
===============

Chapter 15
==========

Chapter 16
==========

Chapter 17
==========

Chapter 18
==========

Chapter 19
==========

Chapter 20
==========

Legal Licence
=============

Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International Public License

By exercising the Licensed Rights (defined below), You accept and agree
to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Creative Commons
Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International Public License (“Public
License”). To the extent this Public License may be interpreted as a
contract, You are granted the Licensed Rights in consideration of Your
acceptance of these terms and conditions, and the Licensor grants You
such rights in consideration of benefits the Licensor receives from
making the Licensed Material available under these terms and conditions.

Section 1 – Definitions.

Adapted Material means material subject to Copyright and Similar Rights
that is derived from or based upon the Licensed Material and in which
the Licensed Material is translated, altered, arranged, transformed, or
otherwise modified in a manner requiring permission under the Copyright
and Similar Rights held by the Licensor. For purposes of this Public
License, where the Licensed Material is a musical work, performance, or
sound recording, Adapted Material is always produced where the Licensed
Material is synched in timed relation with a moving image. Adapter’s
License means the license You apply to Your Copyright and Similar Rights
in Your contributions to Adapted Material in accordance with the terms
and conditions of this Public License. BY-SA Compatible License means a
license listed at creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses, approved by
Creative Commons as essentially the equivalent of this Public License.
Copyright and Similar Rights means copyright and/or similar rights
closely related to copyright including, without limitation, performance,
broadcast, sound recording, and Sui Generis Database Rights, without
regard to how the rights are labeled or categorized. For purposes of
this Public License, the rights specified in Section 2(b)(1)-(2) are not
Copyright and Similar Rights. Effective Technological Measures means
those measures that, in the absence of proper authority, may not be
circumvented under laws fulfilling obligations under Article 11 of the
WIPO Copyright Treaty adopted on December 20, 1996, and/or similar
international agreements. Exceptions and Limitations means fair use,
fair dealing, and/or any other exception or limitation to Copyright and
Similar Rights that applies to Your use of the Licensed Material.
License Elements means the license attributes listed in the name of a
Creative Commons Public License. The License Elements of this Public
License are Attribution and ShareAlike. Licensed Material means the
artistic or literary work, database, or other material to which the
Licensor applied this Public License. Licensed Rights means the rights
granted to You subject to the terms and conditions of this Public
License, which are limited to all Copyright and Similar Rights that
apply to Your use of the Licensed Material and that the Licensor has
authority to license. Licensor means the individual(s) or entity(ies)
granting rights under this Public License. Share means to provide
material to the public by any means or process that requires permission
under the Licensed Rights, such as reproduction, public display, public
performance, distribution, dissemination, communication, or importation,
and to make material available to the public including in ways that
members of the public may access the material from a place and at a time
individually chosen by them. Sui Generis Database Rights means rights
other than copyright resulting from Directive 96/9/EC of the European
Parliament and of the Council of 11 March 1996 on the legal protection
of databases, as amended and/or succeeded, as well as other essentially
equivalent rights anywhere in the world. You means the individual or
entity exercising the Licensed Rights under this Public License. Your
has a corresponding meaning.

Section 2 – Scope.

License grant. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Public
License, the Licensor hereby grants You a worldwide, royalty-free,
non-sublicensable, non-exclusive, irrevocable license to exercise the
Licensed Rights in the Licensed Material to: reproduce and Share the
Licensed Material, in whole or in part; and produce, reproduce, and
Share Adapted Material. Exceptions and Limitations. For the avoidance of
doubt, where Exceptions and Limitations apply to Your use, this Public
License does not apply, and You do not need to comply with its terms and
conditions. Term. The term of this Public License is specified in
Section 6(a). Media and formats; technical modifications allowed. The
Licensor authorizes You to exercise the Licensed Rights in all media and
formats whether now known or hereafter created, and to make technical
modifications necessary to do so. The Licensor waives and/or agrees not
to assert any right or authority to forbid You from making technical
modifications necessary to exercise the Licensed Rights, including
technical modifications necessary to circumvent Effective Technological
Measures. For purposes of this Public License, simply making
modifications authorized by this Section 2(a)(4) never produces Adapted
Material. Downstream recipients. Offer from the Licensor – Licensed
Material. Every recipient of the Licensed Material automatically
receives an offer from the Licensor to exercise the Licensed Rights
under the terms and conditions of this Public License. Additional offer
from the Licensor – Adapted Material. Every recipient of Adapted
Material from You automatically receives an offer from the Licensor to
exercise the Licensed Rights in the Adapted Material under the
conditions of the Adapter’s License You apply. No downstream
restrictions. You may not offer or impose any additional or different
terms or conditions on, or apply any Effective Technological Measures
to, the Licensed Material if doing so restricts exercise of the Licensed
Rights by any recipient of the Licensed Material. No endorsement.
Nothing in this Public License constitutes or may be construed as
permission to assert or imply that You are, or that Your use of the
Licensed Material is, connected with, or sponsored, endorsed, or granted
official status by, the Licensor or others designated to receive
attribution as provided in Section 3(a)(1)(A)(i).

Other rights. Moral rights, such as the right of integrity, are not
licensed under this Public License, nor are publicity, privacy, and/or
other similar personality rights; however, to the extent possible, the
Licensor waives and/or agrees not to assert any such rights held by the
Licensor to the limited extent necessary to allow You to exercise the
Licensed Rights, but not otherwise. Patent and trademark rights are not
licensed under this Public License. To the extent possible, the Licensor
waives any right to collect royalties from You for the exercise of the
Licensed Rights, whether directly or through a collecting society under
any voluntary or waivable statutory or compulsory licensing scheme. In
all other cases the Licensor expressly reserves any right to collect
such royalties.

Section 3 – License Conditions.

Your exercise of the Licensed Rights is expressly made subject to the
following conditions.

Attribution.

If You Share the Licensed Material (including in modified form), You
must: retain the following if it is supplied by the Licensor with the
Licensed Material: identification of the creator(s) of the Licensed
Material and any others designated to receive attribution, in any
reasonable manner requested by the Licensor (including by pseudonym if
designated); a copyright notice; a notice that refers to this Public
License; a notice that refers to the disclaimer of warranties; a URI or
hyperlink to the Licensed Material to the extent reasonably practicable;
indicate if You modified the Licensed Material and retain an indication
of any previous modifications; and indicate the Licensed Material is
licensed under this Public License, and include the text of, or the URI
or hyperlink to, this Public License. You may satisfy the conditions in
Section 3(a)(1) in any reasonable manner based on the medium, means, and
context in which You Share the Licensed Material. For example, it may be
reasonable to satisfy the conditions by providing a URI or hyperlink to
a resource that includes the required information. If requested by the
Licensor, You must remove any of the information required by Section
3(a)(1)(A) to the extent reasonably practicable. ShareAlike.

In addition to the conditions in Section 3(a), if You Share Adapted
Material You produce, the following conditions also apply. The Adapter’s
License You apply must be a Creative Commons license with the same
License Elements, this version or later, or a BY-SA Compatible License.
You must include the text of, or the URI or hyperlink to, the Adapter’s
License You apply. You may satisfy this condition in any reasonable
manner based on the medium, means, and context in which You Share
Adapted Material. You may not offer or impose any additional or
different terms or conditions on, or apply any Effective Technological
Measures to, Adapted Material that restrict exercise of the rights
granted under the Adapter’s License You apply.

Section 4 – Sui Generis Database Rights.

Where the Licensed Rights include Sui Generis Database Rights that apply
to Your use of the Licensed Material:

for the avoidance of doubt, Section 2(a)(1) grants You the right to
extract, reuse, reproduce, and Share all or a substantial portion of the
contents of the database; if You include all or a substantial portion of
the database contents in a database in which You have Sui Generis
Database Rights, then the database in which You have Sui Generis
Database Rights (but not its individual contents) is Adapted Material,
including for purposes of Section 3(b); and You must comply with the
conditions in Section 3(a) if You Share all or a substantial portion of
the contents of the database.

For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 4 supplements and does not
replace Your obligations under this Public License where the Licensed
Rights include other Copyright and Similar Rights.

Section 5 – Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability.

Unless otherwise separately undertaken by the Licensor, to the extent
possible, the Licensor offers the Licensed Material as-is and
as-available, and makes no representations or warranties of any kind
concerning the Licensed Material, whether express, implied, statutory,
or other. This includes, without limitation, warranties of title,
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement,
absence of latent or other defects, accuracy, or the presence or absence
of errors, whether or not known or discoverable. Where disclaimers of
warranties are not allowed in full or in part, this disclaimer may not
apply to You. To the extent possible, in no event will the Licensor be
liable to You on any legal theory (including, without limitation,
negligence) or otherwise for any direct, special, indirect, incidental,
consequential, punitive, exemplary, or other losses, costs, expenses, or
damages arising out of this Public License or use of the Licensed
Material, even if the Licensor has been advised of the possibility of
such losses, costs, expenses, or damages. Where a limitation of
liability is not allowed in full or in part, this limitation may not
apply to You.

The disclaimer of warranties and limitation of liability provided above
shall be interpreted in a manner that, to the extent possible, most
closely approximates an absolute disclaimer and waiver of all liability.

Section 6 – Term and Termination.

This Public License applies for the term of the Copyright and Similar
Rights licensed here. However, if You fail to comply with this Public
License, then Your rights under this Public License terminate
automatically.

Where Your right to use the Licensed Material has terminated under
Section 6(a), it reinstates: automatically as of the date the violation
is cured, provided it is cured within 30 days of Your discovery of the
violation; or upon express reinstatement by the Licensor. For the
avoidance of doubt, this Section 6(b) does not affect any right the
Licensor may have to seek remedies for Your violations of this Public
License. For the avoidance of doubt, the Licensor may also offer the
Licensed Material under separate terms or conditions or stop
distributing the Licensed Material at any time; however, doing so will
not terminate this Public License. Sections 1, 5, 6, 7, and 8 survive
termination of this Public License.

Section 7 – Other Terms and Conditions.

The Licensor shall not be bound by any additional or different terms or
conditions communicated by You unless expressly agreed. Any
arrangements, understandings, or agreements regarding the Licensed
Material not stated herein are separate from and independent of the
terms and conditions of this Public License.

Section 8 – Interpretation.

For the avoidance of doubt, this Public License does not, and shall not
be interpreted to, reduce, limit, restrict, or impose conditions on any
use of the Licensed Material that could lawfully be made without
permission under this Public License. To the extent possible, if any
provision of this Public License is deemed unenforceable, it shall be
automatically reformed to the minimum extent necessary to make it
enforceable. If the provision cannot be reformed, it shall be severed
from this Public License without affecting the enforceability of the
remaining terms and conditions. No term or condition of this Public
License will be waived and no failure to comply consented to unless
expressly agreed to by the Licensor. Nothing in this Public License
constitutes or may be interpreted as a limitation upon, or waiver of,
any privileges and immunities that apply to the Licensor or You,
including from the legal processes of any jurisdiction or authority.

Creative Commons is not a party to its public licenses. Notwithstanding,
Creative Commons may elect to apply one of its public licenses to
material it publishes and in those instances will be considered the
“Licensor.” The text of the Creative Commons public licenses is
dedicated to the public domain under the CC0 Public Domain Dedication.
Except for the limited purpose of indicating that material is shared
under a Creative Commons public license or as otherwise permitted by the
Creative Commons policies published at creativecommons.org/policies,
Creative Commons does not authorize the use of the trademark “Creative
Commons” or any other trademark or logo of Creative Commons without its
prior written consent including, without limitation, in connection with
any unauthorized modifications to any of its public licenses or any
other arrangements, understandings, or agreements concerning use of
licensed material. For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph does not
form part of the public licenses.

Creative Commons may be contacted at creativecommons.org.
