first setup an account on github. keep your username and the projectname
you create safe, you will need both. DO NOT create a readme or other file
on your new repository.

pick a folder on your computer for your book source, right click the folder and open a command prompt. Remember git will create the Susans-Requiem folder itself.

just copy the commands exactly(including the dots, and spaces).

git config --global http.sslVerify false
git clone https://github.com/eteepell/Susans-Requiem/
cd Susans-Requiem
git config user.name "YOUR USERNAME"
git config user.email "YOUR EMAIL ADDRESS"
git remote rename origin cross-stream
git remote add origin https://github.com/YOUR-USERNAME/YOUR-PROJECTNAME
git push -u origin master

So say your username you picked was JohnDoe, your email address is 
johndoe@gmail.com and the projectname is MySweetSusan it would look 
like this:

git config --global http.sslVerify false
git clone https://github.com/eteepell/Susans-Requiem/
cd Susans-Requiem
git config user.name "JohnDoe"
git config user.email "johndoe@gmail.com"
git remote rename origin cross-stream
git remote add origin https://github.com/JohnDoe/MySweetSusan
git push -u origin master

that's it, put in the right information and plug in the incantation verbatim.


after cloning to copy changes back and forth think of a laundromat.

pull the coin tray out
add the coins
shove in the coin try (commit the coins)
push the button to start

just copy the commands exactly(including the dots, and spaces).
git pull
git add .
git commit -m.
git push

and do that every work session on whatever computer/device you use. Safest would
be to do those four sorcerous incantations both before and after. 

Remember
LaTex only uses text files so you don't have to have LaTex installed on everything
you use just to sit down and write. Anything that can work with text files will
do. Git would have to be installed though unless you want to retype everything when you get back to a device that has git. That would kinda suck. git works on pretty much everything though. The graphical interfaces for git might make you 
weep bitter tears, be warned, and man up.

You could look up what these commands mean if you want, or just invoke the incantations blindly which works just as well. In the manly folder the git
reference book is saved in three formats.

Be careful to do that everytime you work with your book source, both before and
after, because if you modify the same file on two different devices and the 
changes conflict you are going to pull your hair out trying to get it sorted 
out.

