You start in the xwindows interface. To get to a virtual terminal use CTRL-ALT-F# like ctrl-alt-f2. There are a number of 
them, log in with the same username and password you use for the computer. Once you are in a virtual terminal you can use 
alt-f# to move between them or back to the xwindows interface. alt-f9 is ussually the number for xwindows as it is really
a kind of terminal itself. my computer has f1 through f9 for instance where f9 is xwindows and f1 is 'console' that gets
lots of annoying system messages popping up. I recommend not using that one. In virtual terminals you will need to know
how to use the 'cd' command to go to the right folder and the 'ls' command to show what's in there. the pwd command is useful
to show where you are. Microsoft Windows does not have virtual terminals.



if not using virtual terminals go to the folder and right click on it, choose terminal or bash or whatever.
that opens a shell window to type in. type vi and then the filename ie. 'vi myfile.tex'

The editor is 'modal' having a command mode and editing mode.

command mode lets you move around and make commands, edit as it suggests lets you enter text.

you start in command mode, press 'a' to start typing after the current letter or 'i' for before, or 'R' to overwrite.
the commands are CASE-SENSITIVE.
when done typing hit escape to go back to command mode

useful gotcha to know is letting the program wrap lines means it's still a big line and you can't up/down through it.

useful commands to know, ':wq' to save and exit and ':q!' to exit without saving (if you do a 'mybad')
also useful for wrapped lines especially is '$' to get to the end of the line and if you enter a number and w like '15w' 
it jumps forward that many words which helps immensely with long lines that are wrapped.


A suggestion is to use vi just to write. write through typos and grammar mistakes and fix them up afterwards. Unless
someone is well versed in using the program the skill needed to edit large scale work like in a book is significant as
you will see soon enough.

