The first night, midnight, arrives and all is still. quiet as a cat two black court vampires nearly skeletons arrive at the foot of chichen itza. The temple at the top sparks every few minutes. A thick purple green haze hangs heavily over it. The two figures bring a hand drawn cart with axe and kindling. They kneel quietly at the foot of the structure at the stroke of midnight. After a few minutes one prostrates and the other rises, and he prepares the items in the cart. He returns to kneel and they both rise. On a wooden block the one vampire takes the head of the other with an axe, a willing sacrifice. The body is burnt upon a pire made from the material in the cart. The remaining vampire gathers the ash and climbs through the haze to scatter the ash silently on the altar then kneel quietly. He leaves well before the morning light.

The second night a noble looking man is escorted to the foot of chichen itza. Little could it have been known that the white king only days before found out about the successful rite of the great mother. He immediately prostrated before his closest rival and declared himself an unworthy servant of the true leader of the white court. The man was confused for but a moment. He accepted leadership only to find himself called to chichen itza to be sacrificed. He refused. After torture he agreed and at the foot of chichen itza put a blade to his own heart. His escorts burnt his remains and sprinkled them on the altar solemnly. The white king then with a heavy heart resumed leadership as if nothing really happened.

The third night from the heart of arctis tor came a phage. Come forth through a swirling icy whirlpool portal to the foot of chichen itza. A shadow, swirling, black as the night and seemingly flowing to and fro material objects in a most unnatural way. The eyes glow a brilliant white turning yellow as a bag of something heavy rises in surreal arms. The form shakes more and more as the bag is turned and fine iron shavings pour out. A scream, then nothing. A second phage arrives behind to gather the ectoplasmic remains and burns it in an incense sconce with frankenscense and myrrh. The second figure uses the sconce to annoint the altar until the incence is consumed. The remaining ash is scattered on the altar. The phage rests there for a moment in solemn contemplation then returns with haste to arctis nor with faint hope that the matter will evade the ever watching eyes of mab.
The fourth night came a handful of the most powerful black magicians in existence. Each believing themselves the greatest of their craft they battled. The dark spells they used operated poorly in the valley below chichen itza and the undead they controlled were consumed by awe in Susans presence far above them. Still they battled each one convinced of their own superiority. When one remained the remaining undead turned on the one and struck him dead, then battled each other to the last one. The one remaining burnt the warlock corpse and scattered the ash upon the altar. It then rested upon the altar and was consumed to ash by the morning sun.


Then came the fifth night, The night of the visitation of the great supernatural powers of existence. At sundown came two fallen angels to guard the altar fully armed, yet unseen. Demilich were set watch in each corner of the temple, visible within a column of flame, and the temple was well lit by them. Many powers came and went in solemn contemplation leaving part of themselves or their power. The most notable visitors were odin, who imparted growth on her. She will be able to learn and grow into her power safely and not be thrown cruely into her full godhood. Odin was one who took part in arranging her sacrifice. Thor came also. He imparted strength and wisdom of earthly governance. Loki came and bestowed sinister masteries of arts like deception and attainment of power through intrigue. Loki sees her success as leading to his own. Loki manipulated the hearts and minds during susans sacrifice. The erlking brought her resonance with the great hunters both great cats and birds of prey. His huntress holds a special place in his heart. He was one involved in her sacrifice. The fae mothers came and bestowed their love as mothers on her to love those she is charged with. They thus fulfilled the name great mother in her. Satan then came.

``So Saraqael, I see you take charge of your risen one.''
"It is not well for you to speak my holy name, Remiel. You know I am the adversary, it has been decreed so."
"Perhaps, but even I rock a fallen state yet do I do no less than I have?"
"The seven who stand before God are never dismissed of duty, but should duty demand it so. The angel of resurrection? I should have expected you."
"The master demands his will is obeyed as was stipulated"
"I am pleased that I am adversary such that I can declare your master can stick it up his ass as he knows right well he could always trust my word"
"Are you sure you wish to fulfil this pointless scheme of yours?"
"You would say that. Is it your wish this earth should be consumed?"
"It is prophesy, you cannot escape it.""
"Perhaps not, but i can continue to delay it. Your master should know the darkness is coming and the enem of mine enemy is mine friend."
"I expected to hear the same, and i am glad. The last days will be of the forces of dark and light not of the chaos."
speak for yourself, the earth is my empire and the sun shines brightly upon it. Now silence as i do what is to be done.
Satan walks over to susans altar and hovers his hands over it. With a few words of enochian her phantasmal body rises. An odd symbol of ZD superimposed on itself burns on her forehead then disappears.
He then kneels and prays to susan. Remiel departs in a flash to leave them alone together.
"You are one of us now susan. I realize you are too young to hear my prayer but I find it to be right to give you such respect. I know we are not the family you would have wished for but you are now a daemon like us. We need each other. We are not what you think, you will get to know us, we will look after you." He finishes by invoking daemonic power and being on her. Her true form and infernal powers will grow with her, just like all her gifts, and her spawn will share in all these things.
The guardian daemons and liches ported out at the strike of midnight as susan did rise.






The first of all her gifts, bestowed during the great battle, was from the red king. He supercharged the ascension rite to allow the red court consumption to act as a putt putt engine, rather than creating a demigod it was providing the demigod power to trigger a cataclysmic ascension rite pulling in massive power and soul energy unheard of which ascended her beyond comprehension.