Many hands were in the pot at chichen itza, and susan received gifts from many of the most significant. Here are a few.
Odin caused her to grow into her power rather than to come to it all at once. Asgard knows her and remains quiet. They are teachers.
Thor would teach the ways of battle.
Loki would teach the ways of the warlord, use her to conquer midgard then attempt to control her.
Odin would teach left hand path.
Erlking gave her the features of the greatest hunters, the bird of prey and the great cat. This gives her distinctiveness to her vampiric forms.
The fae mothers gave her the unfailing love of a mother to the vampires she is charged with. They have caused the title of the great mother of the vampires to be fulfilled in her.
The red king gave her ultimate power. The spell was originally the typical ascendency to demigodhood but he found ways to channel more and more and more power from the whole court and all vampires long dead to superpower the spell and propel her into the realm of the first ones.
Satan came and gave to her the catholic aspects she possesses. He gave both infernal and supernal aspects as both benefit his earthly empire. She will be drawn to the church and the church will favour her by his will. He also bestowed a touch of the outer darkness, which he bargained and sacrificed for to obtain from his arch enemies (the outsiders).


During the first four days nightmare creatures of all sorts sat vigil before the altar, contemplating the coming queen, and quietly making prayers and petitions to the long waited slumbering god.
All were silent in her presence as prophesy has spoken that she is the “lord of silence”.

The four wise ones came by night, on the first, second, third and fourth nights at midnight. Then a final sacrifice at sunset on the fifth. All while she rested peacefully in the altar.

First came the black court, the greatest elder sacrificed himself and was burnt, ashes sprinkled on the altar as an offering that the new queen should be imparted with the black court being and be merciful upon them.

Second came the white court, the greatest elder sacrificed himself and was burnt, ashes sprinkled on the altar on the altar as an offering that the new queen should be imparted with the white court being and be merciful upon them.

Third came the phage of the fae, the greatest elder sacrificed himself and was burnt, ashes sprinkled on the altar and a rite performed at the alter in great voice (silently) as an offering that the new queen should be imparted with the all the phages being and be merciful upon them.

Fourth came the black magicians, the necromancers, neuromancers, and others. The greatest among them was tackled and killed, then burnt and the ashes sprinked on the altar as an offering that the new queen should be imparted with the white court being and be merciful upon them, and bring them the greatest power.

Finally that same night came the undead, the greatest necromancers sacrificed many species of undead, who were burnt and their combined ash sprinkled onto the altar, and a silent rite performed, as an offering that the new queen should be imparted with the energy of undeath and be merciful upon them.

The final night was reserved for powers and principalities. The greatest of beings passed through bearing gifts of self, their own power or their own being, that the new queen may keep a peace between their peoples. The area was deserted by midnight to prepare for her rising. This is the night she received the significant gifts mentioned above.


